Welcome to the Reverse Vantage webinar.
Today, we are going to be expanding on a very simple concept, which is just point of view. Point of view is vantage.
We look at the energies in the chart. We say, Hey, with everything that's playing out within energy flow, which is the direction of the energy one leads to another, we say, what vantage or what point of view are we looking at?
So when we have aspects in a chart, we're trying to answer a question, we're like, oh, well, we're trying to understand something from, let's say the family or our emotional security, and either we're looking at the moon or we're looking at the fourth house, but we're doing so from that perspective to say what's coming in, what's going out? That's the energy flow.
The bidirectional energy flow says, okay, we're looking, let's say it's just to make this easy, moon in the fourth house.
There's articulation, there's keywords, there's a bunch of things that go into reading this, but we're talking about the moon itself. The moon rules cancer. So we say, okay, the moon through bidirectional rulership, let's go find cancer. Let's go figure out what's going on in that house. And everything there is going to feed into the moon in its placement because of the bidirectional rulership, but also because moon acts as a delegate for an entire house.
Then from there we say, let's say that that's going into Taurus from there. Actually, it's a bad example because of the dual rulership, let's just say it's going into Scorpio.
So the moon in Scorpio, we say, okay, moon, in the fourth house, that means X, y, z, uh, expressing itself through Scorpio means X, Y, Z. And then we go look for Pluto and we say, okay, we're gonna go that way. And then trace that forward.
When you get into vantage and reverse vantage, what you're doing is trying to assess a true, not even the big picture, the semantics of the big picture to say, okay, this energy leads to this one.
It can be a trying, I'm actually gonna show you a trying upfront, and we're going to assess, and I'm going use my daughter Ava. I'm gonna use her chart first, uh, when I share this screen because her mother died when she was born. And I wanna show you how and why that shows up, uh, using vantage and reverse Vantage, and then how we would see that elsewhere, and then how that's going to show in her chart later and the themes that are surrounding it.
So whenever you have an aspect, and if you took the aspect spectrum class, the webinar that we had, then you understand that there is a journey from the conjunction all the way to the opposition. And there are different points in the way.
And along the way, we have the major aspects that hit the semis, sextile, sex tile, um, square trine, Quin K's opposition.
And then in between those are 30 degrees in between. We have the fifteens that are internalized markers. We'll be going into that further later.
Also, it's in my book, I fixed astrology, and then we even discussed at the end that wasn't recorded, but we discussed the 10 degree aspect, which I am also including in my book, so that you understand that I will not be going through 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, all the way up to 180.
I'm going to just talk about the 10 and then how it refers to the 20 to the, the 30 to the 60 and so on. And then we'll break that down when I dive deeper into aspects.
So the new courses that are coming out are going to have, and depending on when you watch this, they may already be out, but they're gonna be much more structured.
And I will be interjecting courses and classes and additional modules as we grow.
So it'll just be everything. Astrology can be one in place and in one place, and then there'll be a lot of things going on.
So Vantage, let me share my screen again, is the perspective.
So if you have a trine, then you understand that one energy is feeding directly into the next energy.
Um, and I'm gonna use again, like I said, I'm gonna use Ava's chart.
There we go. Uh, and what we're gonna be talking about here is this Chiron placement, this Chiron retrograde in her chart that is at 17 degrees, 45 arc minutes. That is rinding directly into her 18 degree, 50 arc minute.
Now, this plays out in a, a multitude of ways. First off, you have true aspects, which means the orb of influence is aligned with both.
And with Chiron, um, we use a degree to a degree and a half. Uh, I tend to stick with a degree, which means technically, because Chiron has such a low orb of influence, the moon has three, Chiron has one at 1745 in the 1850.
Technically, this is a forced aspect, which means this energy rate here is pulling this energy. This energy is not pushing its own energy.
So her insecurities, her wounds, anything that has to do with relating to others, anything that has to do with like hormones and balance of starting things, all of her insecurities around that and her, uh, future, uh, energy of it's going to happen. I have to align with it. It's kicking the can down the road. It's something that is like, that energy is not accessible to me. That is the north node that is all sitting here.
Now, that trine ignoring a true versus a forced aspect, that trine is going from Chiron to the moon.
Now, when we talk about vantage, we're talking about, okay, this is the placement.
Chiron is not a ruling planet, so therefore bidirectional rulership does not apply for Chiron. It's an asteroid. We have a webinar all about Chiron. You can check that out in replay realm.
And I'm going to ignore the fact that it's retrograde right now. And we're just gonna talk about Chiron and the moon.
So Chiron is sitting in the seventh house of relating to other people. We're gonna ignore the north node, and we're gonna talk about Aries.
Aries is action. It's a sense of doing and all of that, how it sits, the wounds between, uh, initiating, uh, conversation with others or being able to connect to others in your own way.
There's a wound there that feeds directly into her emotional security within all of the 11th House themes, which includes friendships through her own personal expression.
So when we talk about Vantage, we always say, well, which way are we looking?
Right? If we're talking about the moon, if we come up here to the moon, we'll usually break this down and we'll just do bidirectional rulership and we'll say, this feeds in, right? This Chiron feeds in.
And sometimes, and the reason why reverse vantage is required, and I needed to break it apart, is because we don't really assess what that means.
Um, because we're kind of conditioned to just go to the, the reverse rulership and then be like, okay, well the moon is the 10th house, and yes, there's a triumph from Chiron. So we know that Chiron is feeding in, but we don't stop and say send, receive. And that's what vantage and reverse vantage is.
There is a relationship between Chiron and the moon, which is like mailing a letter. And this is how I explain it in the book.
It's about, it's like, I have a reason why I want to send a letter. I have a process of writing it. I have a delivery method, and then from there with a trine, I know it's gonna get to you with no problem.
The moon is on the receiving end. So the moon is receiving the letter.
Now, here's the problem. We know that that trine is uninterrupted. We know that it goes there, but what we don't assess is did the moon want the letter to begin with?
Is the moon requesting the letter?
In this case with the forced aspect, the moon is requesting the letter, is the moon prepared to receive it? How does the moon receive it? Is it in alignment or is there an issue?
And this is the part of aspects that we don't talk about and we don't talk about enough.
And in my book, I was writing this chapter and I was talking about Vantage, and I'm breaking it down and I'm like, this needs its own terminology because it's technically a subset of Vantage. It's just the perspective in the point of view, but it needs to be intra, um, intra aspect exclusively between these two planets.
So here's what's gonna happen. When you talk about Vantage, we say, okay, Chiron, again, interacting with other people directly feeds my wounds, directly feel, uh, feed into whether or not I feel emotionally secure within groups.
So if I feel like I can't interact one-on-one, this is my daughter. If she feels like she can't interact one-to-one, then she feels like she can't make friends that will, that's gonna be one thing that's going to play out.
But here's the deal. You can analyze Chiron all you want. You can talk about all the keywords for Chiron, talk about all the keywords for the seventh house.
Um, and Aries, you can go look for Aries, uh, Aries, ruler Mars in her chart. You can see it here sitting in the first house, which is, you know, her actions, her own motivations, her drive, her passion, blah, blah, blah. Her physical body, her sense, and the way that she shows up.
But if you really wanna understand this aspect, you have to go to planet two because within energy flow, planet one feeds into Planet two.
Planet one thinks, and this is all part of the aspect spectrum webinar that we talked about. Planet One thinks that Planet two is the problem.
When in reality, planet one is not in alignment with Planet two, it needs to understand it. Planet two becomes the solution.
And then Planet one support can be lended through, whether it's a semis sex tile, whether it's a sextile, a square in opposition, a rine in this case or whatever.
So the reverse vantage is to go to the second planet and we say, okay, this is the moon.
What is actually happening with the moon?
And how does that relate to the planet that is actually coming in?
So we assess the moon like normal. We say, okay, this is the second planet. This is part of the trine. And we only care about the relationship between Chiron and the moon right now.
Because reverse vantage has to do with the aspects. And we say, great, the moon has to do with structure, it has to do with authority, and it has to do with some sort of how that is rebellious.
There's a level of detachment, there's a level of, uh, independence here, and then obviously we can break down the spark, we can break down the pulse. I'm not gonna do that right now. We can always do that if you wanna do that for fun later and break down the assessment.
And it has to do with vitality and presence and the father.
So you've assessed that, but then you say, how does this, Chiron, Chiron fed it, but how is the moon receiving it?
And this is where reverse vantage comes in, is in this you say the moon means all of these things. Everything that I said when it comes to the mother, when it comes to emotional security and safety, and you run through the keywords, you run through the articulation, and here's what you get.
You get the moon, the foundational structure of emotional security within separation that's expressed through the father is fed in by the insecurity there.
However, you have to read it backwards.
You have to say, not that emotional, not that a wound between relating to others Aries rules, birth, uh, through birth, through, you know, showing up le led into that.
But the emotional security is founded upon the receipt of this, which means it's because of Chiron.
It's not just that Chiron is pushing it and influences the moon, it's that the moon and its situation is receiving from Chiron this information.
And this is what's important, because if I just read it from Chiron to the moon, all I'm reading is my wounds contribute to my emotional rebellion.
If I read reverse vantage, I come to the moon and I've assessed that and the security based on my structure and, and, and my mother, you know, the structure from my mother that contributed to a separation was because of this wound.
This wound is because there was some sort of, you know, at birth that fed in. So my emotional security was detachment.
So when it came to this daughter, when it came to this person's chart, there was no security.
And if you read it just as, oh, well there's insecurity that feeds in, that's not enough information. You have to read why?
So you're reading that with Chiron, there's an insecurity, there's a wound. Well, why? Because with the moon, that relationship wasn't there.
There was an issue, there's a wound, this didn't work, right?
So it's not that the wound fed into the relationship with the mother, it's that the relationship with the mother was founded on.
There was no, she wasn't there, there was no relationship to begin with.
Right at the start. There was no initiation, which is exactly what happened.
Like I said, this is a pretty easy concept. You just have to do the reverse. You have to talk about the receipt of it.
And because it's a forced aspect, what we know is that Chiron, the, um, which in Aries would normally be the initiator, and as planet one would normally be the initiator as a forced aspect.
We know that the moon pulled the wound in the wound didn't happen. That fed them the, to the, um, to the moon, to the emotional security.
The emotional security is detached because it went back to say, where are you?
And found out that it wasn't there. And this is exactly what ended up happening.
And what she did have was the doctors, the midwives, and the midwives are the ones who, you know, handled all of that.
And that separation happened not because of the midwives, because that would be, this happened as a result of needing the midwives there.
So there's that. I'm gonna go to another example, because you have to kind of see this a little, a couple of times over and over and over.
Um, I talk about this example in my book as well, the Sun and the Moon in MyChart.
So we have, so if it was an exact aspect, would she not have been born?
She, she would've been born, but there would've been a complete different reason for what ended up happening.
So what ended up happening was because of the structure, because of the, um, the outcome of the birth rather than the actual exchange.
So if it was an exact, if it was a true aspect, not necessarily at the point of exactitude, if this was, if this would've been a true aspect, then this would've actually been what fed it in.
So there would've been something either the doctor handling, uh, bringing the child out, or, um, something that was directly hormonal within the child herself rather than everything within the mother.
This tells us that this one-to-one is not because of the child, it's because of the mother.
So the mother had this, she had a seizure life vitality. All of this happened, which disconnected this.
If it would've been a degree, you know, a couple of arc minutes later, this whole situation would've changed because a true aspect means both of them are involved.
A forest aspect says the moon was pulling on Chiron.
So all of this is not because of the wound, it's not because of the things that were wrong with the hormones. That was an afterthought. And it wasn't.
It was the mother that was pulling on, on Chiron.
So the mother created the wounds, but non intentionally and not as, I don't want to be with my child.
And that's kind of anyone who was born slightly after this.
You might actually have a disconnect with the mother, where assuming that it's still a Libra rising on this same day, that the mother may not have wanted the child, or that the mother may have like, kind of disconnected from the child in a different way.
And it all depends on where everything is and what degree it's at.
'cause if you're taking Chiron, you're moving it to 18 degrees, then you're no longer at a Virgo degree, then you're at a Libra degree, which is, like I said, a disconnect because it actually has to do with the relationship itself.
Mother could have given up the child for adoption. Yes.
Yeah. So that could have been one way, assuming we've read everything else, because there's that all of these, you know, different things. They all, they all sit in the rest of the chart as well.
We're only breaking down that one aspect.
But it's not because the mother didn't want the mother, there was an issue.
So if you move on to like my chart, then you see the moon and the sun, now let's go to the mother and the father.
Well, the mother rines into the father, but again, another forced aspect.
So that brings its own thing where the mother would not have related to.
And this goes back, well, it goes back to my adoptive parents, my foster parents, but also my birth parents.
And there's a disconnect here between this, which is my mother did not want me.
And that played out over and over and over again and, you know, raising me and, you know, value within me and taking care of me and feeding me and the responsibility.
No, that's why I used to dumpster dive. That is why I used to have to take care of myself. That's why I defended my sister from abuse.
And that's why I have gashes in the back of my head from those things.
But in terms of the moon and the sun, just by itself is the moon is disconnected from the partnership and it's rulers down here retrograde, uh, with, um, black moon Lilith in a semis sex tile.
And that is because I actually did this research recently, and my birth mother was married to someone else, not my father, which is why when I was born, I ended up with my mother's maiden name, even though she was married at the time, because she cheated my father, whoever he is, is not, was not her husband.
That, uh, energy right here trining into the sun.
So we have the moon, and the moon is the north node, uh, the north node ruler, the 12th house ruler, just absent from emotional, you know, anything plus a detachment because it plays out through the seventh conjunctive Vesta that is played out over and over and over in my life. That's for a different webinar.
And then it's rinding into the sun.
But this is where the force aspect matters.
And then we go to the reverse vantage of the sun.
So the moon says when it comes to the communication, the father and the detachment, that that detachment is because of the mother, it's not because of the father.
The not knowing that I was even born, it's because of the father.
And then the actual detachment or the actual knowing of like, what are we gonna do and all that kind of stuff.
The father pulled the mother in, and that's where he found out.
'cause reverse vantage says, how are we receiving this? We're not receiving it.
The moon is not, it's in a forced aspect. It is not receiving, it's not sending it in.
And there's a whole, I found out later, if I even found out what the north known the 12th house, maybe found out through family, but the whole, I'm pregnant, I'm having a kid thing.
There was a detachment, there was probably, probably a desire to get an abortion or something like that.
And it just didn't happen. But that, you know, I'm here, right?
But from the, from the moon, it is delivering to the sun because the sun is forcing the moon to pull it in.
Now, how does that play in my normal life?
My, my spirituality, my music, my everything behind the scenes, my sensitivities, my, uh, desire to connect to other people, um, you know, hoping, staying in relationships and hoping that they get better.
Uh, which ultimately comes down to the level of friendship within the relationship.
Uh, and the fact that I stay devoted in relationships, I probably shouldn't really comes down to my actions.
'cause it's my Senate ruler pulling that in and saying, well, because of my pride and because I, I can make it work.
I'm going to stay there and then pull that energy in.
I don't actually want to, because it doesn't feed into my son.
I know that naturally speaking, my emotions are separate from my own sense of purpose.
But my sense of purpose says, well, how do I feel about that?
And this is where reverse vantage comes in, because you have to understand first true aspect, forced aspect, no aspect.
You have to understand that.
Secondly, you have to go in and say, okay, well, from the son's point of view, what's coming in?
Well, what's coming in is I, in order for me to have an emotional connection to another person, I have to take that action.
I have to, you know, talk about something different.
I have to figure something out. That's what I have to do.
That's why in friends groups, I don't actually, in order to create a friend group, I have to intentionally do that.
I was, I've always been the person that has to say, you meet me here, you also meet me here because this says that my friends, my one-to-one friends do not align with my friend's group.
So the reverse vantage says, well, if I'm going to do this and I want a friends group, I have to create it based off of the people I have a personal connection with.
How does this play out with being a father?
Um, several ways.
Um, I did not want more kids.
I was, I was not even in the conversation of having the first child.
Same thing.
So when it came to the mother, uh, of my children then, and, and nurturing my children and being connected to my children, having that one-to-one like actual connection with my partner, this is how it went down.
You could see it in the chart.
The the moon does not feed into the sun until the sun pulls it back.
So she did not care what I wanted.
She told me, we're having a baby, this is my ex-wife.
And I said, okay. And it caught me off guard.
And then I was like, okay.
And I ended up doing the act and saying whatever, and then getting everything ready to be able to have that child.
But there was a disconnect there. It was up to me.
And I went along with it because I went through my emotions and there's a disconnect between the things that I want and the thing, the way that I really feel,
I talk about this in forced aspects in, uh, in my book a lot, because the things that I want, I often go back and try to find,
I'm very disconnected between the things that I need and the things that I want.
And I end up going and trying to find out a thing that I want instead of really knowing that off base and pulling that in, in terms of having the child.
There's a disconnect between the mother and the father.
Uh, disconnect between the needs and how I truly feel about it versus what I want.
So again, Ashley comes along, both of us. Were actually in agreement.
We're not gonna have any more kids.
I didn't want another kid. I had a divorce right here.
I, I didn't want my children to feel some kind of way, which is sitting right here, my oldest daughter.
So I wasn't gonna have more kids.
And then met her and because of, you know, romance and the future, and we were talking about those things, eventually went back and she wanted to be a mother.
I was like, I don't care.
But I was actually more like, I don't want any more kids.
I love being a father and I love that we have more kids, but I didn't want that to begin with.
That was not something that was in sync when we started talking about it until we started talking to her father.
So my partner's father, and there was some guilt and shame around it because of her sister.
Uh, all this traces back down, uh, who died and she was, her sister was gonna be the mother.
Ashley never wanted kids to begin with.
And then that kind of like led us into, you know, what do we want?
What do we need? What can we, like, who are we?
And is this something?
It was very much a, it was not a decision of this is gonna happen.
It was very much a decision. Well, what would happen if it did?
And like we kind of manifest our kids into there.
But from the sun, it was my action. It was my choice to say, yes, I want this, or no, I don't want this.
And stand in that.
And that creates a disconnect between me and the other person.
It happens all the time where what I feel towards other people, especially compassion, always creates a conflict within me and the things that I wanna do in my future.
So what I have to do is go back and intentionally reassess the energy that I'm pulling in and say, is this for my best good moving forward?
Am I in some sort of either spiritual alignment or, um, you know, when it comes to, uh, family and finding a family and any sort of neglect that I have experienced, do what part of this am I pulling in, which is fed in by Pluto and then this trying.
So people will see a grand trine here and just be like, oh, it's so Hy Manous and beautiful, and one thing leads to the other.
Well, these are all forced aspects from the sun to Pluto, from Pluto to the moon and from the moon back.
All three of these are forced aspects.
None of them contribute to the other one without the other pulling it in.
The moon pulls in Pluto.
Um, the sun forces itself onto Pluto, which is a whole different thing.
Planet one forcing onto Planet two versus planet two going back and reaching in.
Like, Hey, do I want this?
So reverse vantage says, when it comes to fatherhood, it's, you know, something that it's up to whether I actually want it or not.
That's something that lines up with my motivation.
Ultimately, being a father and, and changing what fatherhood is through that 11th house is extremely important.
So in order to understand these energies and how they connect, you have to go to planet two.
Here's another one, uh, Venus.
So Venus in my chart sits in the 10th house.
It's the ruler of my third house.
And all of this energy, I'm gonna try to simplify it because we're not gonna break all this down, but it's the ruler of my third house.
So it has to do with communication, uh, my identity, things of that nature.
It's the rule of the 10th house.
And as a, as a result of being a ruler of those houses, it's a delegate for everything that's in there.
So Venus is also the ruler, my Chiron and my identity, which means Chiron and my identity are tied together, which is probably why I've changed my name legally four times.
So Chiron sits at this degree that sits at this degree.
Venus also represents money rep, uh, represents relationships, represents balance, art, uh, design, things of that nature and value within the public sphere, value within reputation, things that you're doing.
Chiron says, well, you're not supposed to have a career.
You're not supposed to do things like other people.
But when, when Venus is also there, it says, well, a lot of things that I've accomplished, I haven't accomplished because I wanted to do them.
I accomplished because someone else told me I couldn't do it.
And therefore my overcompensation kicks in.
And because it squares off with my ascendant, which is what's important here, is that I accomplish things not because of I want to, but because I think people will like me or value me because they said I couldn't.
I proved that I did.
And this is something I've been talking about a lot, uh, within my own life, is that I've accomplished a lot of things, but they're not all things that I gave a s**t about.
It's all things that other people said they wanted me to do.
And it's always in conflict with my ascendant.
So like my mother moon square off with Chiron, Venus is the ruler.
My mother got me a job at Disney. She got me a job at the newspaper.
One of my teachers did as well, female teacher.
And I didn't want it.
And at the time, I actually honored the fact that that squared off with my ascendant.
I didn't want do that. I don't wanna be an animator.
And my mother never understood it to this day.
She's like, you're so talented and you don't use any of it.
I'm like, I use it the way I want to use it.
I don't want to be an artist 10th house. I don't want to be.
That's not my reputation. That's my not my long-term goals.
It squares off with everything I want to do.
And when I align with my own emergence into my own expression and cre and uh, um, the way I creatively express myself, my purpose, the things that I wanna do through my own motivation, my own act, ac actions, money
and how I, 'cause of Chiron, how I make money, my own way feeds directly into the things that I want to do.
And all of that goes into innovation.
Anything that I have value within systems, this is astrology by the way, broken system.
I wanna find something that's valuable.
And because my south node shrines in, it's reliable, it's something that, you know, efficiency through its own system leads into the value of a system in a different way.
This is something that I saw that motivated me to then go in and fix it, the 11th house.
But when we're looking at this Venus and the ascendant, the ascendant is always being squared by Venus.
And this is where the reverse vantage comes in.
No matter what I do, the ascendant never operates by itself.
Venus is always squaring in.
And then the ascendant squares off with my series placement.
And Venus rules all these different things.
So from the vantage of Venus, it says, I have to accomplish, I have to motivate, I have to do something to prove myself.
'cause Chiron is going in there.
And that becomes my identity.
When I, my identity of what I talk about, how I talk to others, how I see myself in a relationship, all of that has to do with I've got money, I've got value, I've accomplished things, I'm successful.
Chiron f***s it all up.
But I've got a align with Chiron, which I've been doing a lot more recently.
I did it when I had my film studio.
I said, I don't really care what anybody else does.
I don't care what Hollywood does, this is how I see this.
And I went from in an industry where people were struggling to make three to 5,000 a month.
And I was making 85,000 plus every month doing the same exact thing.
Because I did it my way because I took that.
And literally, not because I had astrology, but just because I stopped comparing myself to anyone else, just said, this is how I do it.
And then I did it my own way.
I found my own perspective of how I was gonna do it.
And then I eventually, because of the relocated chart, I became a director.
And once I became a director, producer, all gloves were off.
I was like, I'm just doing this my way.
And it's always like, I know how to see it for value, money, whatever.
But that's the vantage from this is like my identity is in conflict with the things that I always want to do.
So a lot of times through my youth, I would, it would always be like, how can I make money?
This is a lot of people, but for me it was very strong.
How can I make money? How can I succeed at something? How can I, you know, accomplish anything?
And then it, it squares off with my as Senate and it forces me to say anything that I do has to have value.
Anything that I do has to be art driven.
Anything that I do has to have some sort of level of success or identity or, you know, allow me to connect to, you know, a partner or other people.
So a lot of times throughout my life, I did a lot of things that I didn't even want to do.
I just wanted to kind of prove myself.
And then you get to the end where you become successful and you look back on it and you're just like, none of this matters.
Like the, it doesn't matter how much money's in my bank account, I just, I don't even know who I am.
I've just been doing s**t that other people.
So the reverse vantage is, well what's the ascendant?
Before you look at anything else in this relationship between the square from Venus to the ascendant, the ascendant sits at 13 degrees.
13 degrees is a tarus degree.
So without factoring in the fact that Venus is pushing in there, yes it does have to have value.
Yes, there has to be some sort of monetary, uh, attribute to it.
Yes, it is, uh, artistic or relating to others,
but it's not relating to others.
It's not Libra, it's a tourist degree.
So when it comes to relating to others, it's my own self-worth and value that is going to then automatically relate to others because of the Queen Conte Libra, naturally speaking as a Taurus energy.
And then we, we funnel that through teaching, coaching, consulting, expansion, adventure, all those things.
And then we say through Leo is expression and then my own expression of detachment and groups and teams.
And um, you know, this is literally social media and whatnot.
And we say, this is what I want to do.
This is my own motivations. This is how I emerge.
Now how is Venus coming in?
Well, it's squaring off. It's trying to overtake.
So I have to say, no, no, no.
And this is the challenge. I see that I'm trying to be overtaken the things that I, I wanna do.
That they’re all going to be about value.
They’re all gonna be about identity.
And it has to be, no, I want to emerge.
I want to teach, I want to coach out.
And, but it’s not because I’m trying to prove myself.
It’s not because I, I need a bunch of money.
It’s not because my identity or anything like that.
Changing my name did not change me being able to do anything.
I had to align with the things that I wanted to do.
And then my identity and all that has to factor in and support that from a place of accomplishment.
So accomplishing things does not feed into the things that I’m going to do.
The things that I’m going to do are going to allow me to say, this is what I want to accomplish.
And that’s the reverse vantage that you have to stop.
And you have to remember that what’s feeding in so that we can break down that square appropriately.
We look at planet one, we look at planet two, planet one, you know, in the resolution.
Planet one’s the problem, planet two’s the solution.
But we really have to look at what’s coming in and are we prepared to receive that?
Because we can’t ignore that aspect.
We have to say, this is the aspect, this is the, or this is the placement rather.
And we’re looking at it from here.
And then we have a semis sex style coming. It’s the same thing.
We know that semis, sextile here and here are serving the first planets and not the second.
So ultimately, even after I figure out what the ascendant needs, it’s to serve identity.
Because this is under, this is under, uh, 90 degrees.
So under 90 degrees in a square, according to the aspect spectrum serves Venus.
It does not serve the ascendant.
So all of my motivations are not really for me to do these things.
This is what allows it for.
So my career, uh, in terms of public image and reputation, usually conflict with the things that I want to do or my own motivations.
When in reality I have to align my own, own own motivations to serve my career.
And my public image.
Same thing from my north node, my south node, my north node and south node emotional growth.
And aligning with the trajectory within music and spirituality, through being able to connect to others, sympathize through empathy, to then connect to others even when I’ve been burned.
And doing so from a place that serves my own motivations so that we can grow, not so that I can do, it’s not that I feel like I’m free to do because it’s not about that, it’s about this, it’s about the spiritual thing.
And that’s the part that’s been really tough for me, is understanding that while we’re trying to process these informations and these aspects in general, that yes, this feeds this for this purpose.
This doesn’t feed this and support this so this can happen.
It’s all so that this can align and then this can support this, which means it’s all about really figuring out what the hell this is.
And that’s how reverse vantage will help you figure that out.
So they say, pause and say, okay, this is coming in.
What’s the problem here? Why is this such an issue?
Because we always look at it from the north nodes in conflict with the ascendant, fix the ascendant and allow the north node in.
But go to the ascendant and say, why is this a problem?
That’s the reverse vantage. Why is this a problem?
’cause we’re not comfortable with this.
Well, why aren’t we comfortable with this?
’cause it conflicts with my motivations and everything that I am and want to do.
Why? Well, because I wanna do things that are of value.
I want to be able to teach. I want to be able to do things that I want to do to express myself. Perform. Okay, so I’m receiving spiritual into performance.
That’s the way I have to resolve this.
And from my perspective, this is something I’ve already achieved because the ascendant has already come from this conjunction.
The ascendant has moved away.
North no’s going the other way anyway.
So I have to say, okay, well according to the ascendant, I’m already spiritual.
I’m already these things and I don’t understand how they come in because I already feel like music’s a part of me.
I already feel like spirituality is deep down, like it’s there, but I don’t understand it because of the conflict.
So then I have to say, well, in order to understand it’s gotta have value.
It’s gotta be something that has some sort of story or, um, you know, theatrics to it and then detach myself.
’cause when you trace it forward, it’s like I gotta detach from those things.
Uh, my Jupiter rines, my Chiron forced Jupiter rule is my first house. So that is fun.
It is fun because when you break it down, you start looking at it from the perspective of the second one, through reverse vantage, you start saying, oh, it’s not just that this planet is feeding this one, especially through a trine or square.
It’s not just this, it’s that this planet has to receive that way.
So from here it’s like, does this planet does the ascendant? It’s not a plan, it’s a, it’s a point.
But does the ascendant want to receive this?
Well, the ascendant doesn’t want to receive it because you’re talking about a mathematical point that’s not derived off of a planet.
It’s based on a position.
So not only is the, is Venus going to square off to the ascendant, but the ascendant is almost never in a true aspect with anything.
So you have to say, okay, in order for my ascendant, my ascendant didn’t ask for any of this.
So therefore when the square comes in, I have to reposition my ascendant to say, oh, you want, you want to be here too.
Instead of me saying, I want to do what I want to do to detach and be free, which includes for me responsibility, you would go down here and be like, oh, you don’t like responsibility?
No, there’s an ascendant, you know, sextile here.
So my Saturn, my responsibility actually expects my ascendant to be a part of it.
Now that’s obviously a forced aspect of as well, and my ascendant and my motivation is they don’t want that.
Guess what? Your ascendant and you’re descendant, you’re midheaven and your sub heaven don’t want any of it, doesn’t want any of this because it’s always a forced aspect because it’s a sliver point.
So your own motivations are always being recalibrated.
And you have to intentionally do that to align with everything because especially you’re ascendant.
It just wants autonomy. It’s in the first house. That’s all it wants. I want to do what I wanna do.
It doesn’t matter what is aspecting it.
And you have to say, I’m going to do what I wanna do, however, I have to factor in this and I have to allow for this.
And I have to say, in order for me to do this, how do I align backwards to that?
Because the advantage, um, Venus is going to impact what I’m doing.
And even as we try to resolve, you say, okay, align the ascendant, but the ascendant has to then through reverse vantage say, what are you offering me?
You’re offering me identity.
You’re offering me, uh, you know, um, wounds, basically wounds through the mother, wounds through emotional security and anything that has to do with God, literally.
And you’re saying that your structure’s already kind of broken, doesn’t work normal.
So in order for me to do something I already know, I can’t do it in a structured way.
I’m not gonna be a structured, but I’m gonna do it in a tructure that works for me.
And I have to say, I can’t do this like everybody else.
That’s the reverse vantage from the ascendant.
I already know that because I’m aligning with that because that relationship, that square exists and I can’t do anything about it.
This is color theory, red, blue, some sort of off purple magenta, because it’s not normal purple ’cause of Chiron and it’s a square, so it’s gonna be in your face.
So then I align all of that and I say, okay, these are the things I want to do.
I have to factor that in. What is the long-term value?
Well, chiron’s there, it’s not long-term value.
It’s like elongated short-term value.
It’s kind of how it plays out.
Uh, Silas almost like, I’ll give you what you need so you can help me.
Yeah. And this is the negotiation that you have to make between these energies.
Can we do this with that Quin Co to Saturn?
Oh, for Venus, yeah.
Uh, a little trickier because Venus again rules Saturn.
Um, and this is something that I am going to be doing in a separate webinar, is talking about when, like, there’s one that I need to do when we talk about a planet in its own house, like the ruler back into its own sign, house and sign.
And then I need to do a separate one when we’re talking about aspects to its own ruler.
So like if you had the moon in cancer squaring off, or sorry, the moon in air is squaring off with Mars, because that could be really tricky.
You have to break it down one piece at a time.
So you have to do the same thing here.
So you’re taking the ruler of Saturn because you’re taking the delegate of the third house in identity, and it’s bringing in the south node and there’s a trying in that you’ll, you’ll kind of work separately, uh, and then Juno retrograde.
And know that when it comes to identity and commitments and recommitting and um, reevaluating partnerships and what a partnership means through efficiency and work and daily.
Anything that brings structure or has to do with, you know, career in terms of reputation or anything that’s long term that is, uh, contributes to identity or what I think about all the time and how I have to rework that.
I have to release those things. I have to release work.
And that’s the challenge that my six house ruler is retrograde.
So my natural thing is to bring more burden, bring more responsibility, bring more things I have to think about, and then my brain fries, uh, all the time.
And I have to release some of those things like what is efficient, what isn’t efficient, what’s not practical, what doesn’t even matter to the thing that I’m doing?
That’s been a challenge to kind of pull that in.
Then my emotion, same thing with my emotions.
Why am I allowing myself to connect personally to things that literally are irrelevant?
And then obsess over that, learning how to release some of that ’cause as part of a retrograde.
And then it’s ruler being up here with Chiron as the ruler of Chiron as well.
So it’s not just that it’s with Chiron, it actually rules Chiron as well.
So have Chiron twice in this house and then it quin cones back to the sixth house ruler in the third house.
So what you’re doing is you’re taking all of that identity, all of those thoughts, all those ideas, all of that work, all of that service through structure, through career, through things that you do for a long time through taking on manager roles, uh, multitasking, doing all these things for other people, finding a balance through art design and whatnot.
And you’re throwing it up into, this isn’t my career, but this is what I end up doing.
Uh, and I undervalue myself as a result because I am trying to prove that I can do all of these different things and then it feeds itself back into the type of work that I do.
But isn’t the work that I do because it’s a six house ruler.
So it’s all the work that I do that contributes to the work that I do.
But isn’t my job a good way, that a good, for instance of how this plays out is I design characters.
I have a comic book company that I’m gonna be releasing next year.
And we’ve built, we’ve done a ton of work on this and there’s obviously a whole story arc with all of this, but I don’t do the artwork.
I have the comic book company.
I do all the designs, I do all the stories and the details of everything, and then I give it to another artist that is not me.
I do not do the final.
And then they, they help me with furthering like reworking any design details that need to be reworked, but they also end up doing the actual drawing of it, the actual art of it.
I don’t do the actual work.
I do all the work up front, and then when it’s ready 10th house or needs to be reworked or whatever, I give it to somebody else and then I take that and I rework it again, and then I give it back to them.
Does that make sense?
On a negative, it creates a feeling like things are never done because it’s always this, this Queen Ks with with, uh, with the sixth house ruler and the sixth house ruler in retrograde.
Like it’s this because the ruler goes back, it’s this vicious cycle of I’m done. No, I’m not. I’m done. No, I’m not. Now I’m done. No, I’m not.
It just repeats over and over and over.
So the final product, I always feel like the final product is not good enough, and that’s because of Chiron there as well.
But I have to realize that the product has to get out and that’s where this Quin Cox comes from.
It’s like at some point you can’t do this anymore.
You have to detach like you’re feeding into the service or you’re feeding into, you know, whether or not something’s efficient.
But as soon as you’ve determined that it is efficient, sure it could be more, but it is efficient.
Get that s**t out.
And that’s been one of the, yeah, never enough value.
Never good enough that most of you guys have done readings with me at the end of the reading.
When, when we look at the clock, we’re always over.
And I always ask the same question, did you get value out of that?
Does that make sense? Are you good? Did we answer the question?
Because I always feel like I haven’t, and it sucks, like it legitimately sucks.
I know I’m good at what I do, I know I provide the value, but whether or not you got the value is always the challenge.
Especially bet between the moon, um, square and Chiron and then this ruler coming back in Quin Coing, it’s like setting that final point and be like, Nope, we’re done.
Jasmine says yes, and I still replay it till this day.
Hey, this has played out in you writing this book too.
Yes, yes.
Like the book is 80 was $88 for a lot of you guys, it’s $222.
And it doesn’t matter what the price is.
I know that the value’s there, I know there’s a lot of information, but I’m always like, is it enough?
Is it perfect? Did I mess up?
Like I’m so worried that I said something that somebody’s be like, yeah, well you said this and I’m gonna be like, f**k, that was a typo.
Or I wrote that two years ago and I forgot to double check it.
Or there’s a grammar issue or I, I, I know that there’s a, and I gotta go back and find it in this book, but I know there’s a point where I put a arc second instead of an arc minute symbol and now I gotta go find it because I can’t remember where I did it.
And um, like that’s like the worst because that becomes the 10th house.
It’s like that’s my image, that’s my public image and my reputation.
And whenever you have Chiron in the 10th house, people attack you, doesn’t matter.
They’re going to attack you because it’s the wound.
It’s the one that they sense from you.
Why do you think Justin Timberlake, he has the same thing.
He’s a Leo rising with Chiron and Taurus 10th house.
Why do you think he’s the one that’s getting attacked all the time?
Doesn’t matter what you think of him or what he has or hasn’t done.
Any little thing that he does wrong, they’re coming down on him.
Chiron III acts like that a lot with written stuff, questioning accuracy.
Yeah. Did I write it?
Can I write, am I writing the way I’m supposed to?
And yours is in Gemini.
It’s like, am I even smart enough to write this?
Do I know enough words? Have I, do I have to keep changing words out because maybe I’ve used the same word too many times.
Am I smart enough? You know, usually intelligence is usually an Aquarius thing, but Gemini is all about ideas and, and identity.
Am I even a writer can be really challenging.
So this is, um, this is how reverse vantage works.
I’m gonna continue the q and a with you guys in a minute.
Um, but again, I’m just gonna end one more.
Here is the moon and Chiron.
So Chiron is sitting at 24 42.
The moon is at 25 57.
So one degree would be 25, 42. This is past one degree.
So I have another four stack aspect between the moon and Chiron.
And that is because, and the moon is pushing itself on Chiron, which is interesting when it comes to the mother and things of that nature because the, it is the moon that is asserting itself on what is creating a wound as opposed to the wound existing and then seeking emotional validation or, you know, trying to figure out where the emotional security is or isn’t.
There’s no alignment, but the moon is actually the first planet and doesn’t care about the wound.
So this played out a lot in my childhood and you, you reverse it.
So my, it’s, it has to do with literally authority within, you know, reputation within art.
I told you this before, my mother kept telling me, I don’t understand why you are not an artist, whatever.
And I kept saying, I don’t want to be an art.
Like, it didn’t matter. It’s like, I don’t wanna do that.
That’s not what I wanna do a career long term.
I don’t wanna do animation where I have to draw the same thing over and over and over again.
It’s just, I don’t care how good I am at something.
It’s the same thing with like, people now who are like, I don’t understand why you won’t do a reading for me when I’ve decided I don’t want to do readings.
It’s like now you see the value.
Now that I’ve decided I don’t wanna do it, I don’t wanna do the damn readings.
I like doing readings for people who are in our school.
I like doing readings for people that I think I’m gonna help.
I don’t wanna do it for the damn general public.
And that’s right here.
I don’t care how much money you’ll pay me, I don’t wanna do it.
And it’s like, now people with the north note over here, you know, now they’re coming outta the woodwork making videos like, Logan won’t even do a reading for me.
Are you kidding? You’re going outta your way to bash me because I won’t accept your $600.
Like, it’s, it’s so weird.
But it shows in my chart it’s like they don’t care.
People don’t care, you know, that I want to do my own thing.
And I have let Chiron take over a lot where I’ve done things traditionally speaking because I want to help others because I think a, a good thing is like transit reports and energy forecasts and whatever, you know, there’s that expectation of an astrologer to do those things, to connect to other people so that other people can have that and know what’s going on.
I don’t wanna do it.
How many times people have been like, well you’re an astrologer. Why won’t you just do a prediction for a world event and tell me what’s gonna happen with this?
I don’t want to.
Well, you can.
You’re damn right I can, but I won’t.
And then it becomes an issue with public, you know, public image where they’ll say or whatever.
And because Venus rules my third house, it’s always comments.
It’s always people saying things and then they’re trying to attack my characters because the the eighth house ruler things they don’t know about me, uh, in, in a weird, odd obsession is sitting here Neptune in my fifth house and that Queen ConX is back into my Chiron as well.
So it all, but I’m not an astrologer. Exactly.
I had to make that delineation though, because when I got into this, I felt like I was supposed to be an astrologer.
Is reverse vantage only used for aspects past
no reverse vantage is all aspects, all aspects.
You’re going to the second planet and saying, what are you giving me?
So it’s not just, I need to align with my second planet.
That’s vantage, that’s energy, energy resolution.
The moon squaring off a Chiron, what does Chiron need?
It’s now saying, okay, I understand what Chiron needs.
Now from reverse vantage, from Chiron’s perspective, in order for my mo my wounds around authority and long-term goals and you know, public image and reputation, what do I have to expect and accept?
How do I reposition myself to, to bring in the moon and it’s North Noden in the 12th house and bring in the connection to other people?
Well, I have to detach from that.
I have to detach from the spiritual a little bit.
I have to detach, I have to bring that in so that it is spiritual empathy for a community that I am working with one-on-one instead of saying it’s gotta be for the public, for everybody that’s that square.
This is why Mystic Circle is my resolution, is because I, it’s, I care very deeply about people and helping people, but I have to release a lot of that care and empathy and only apply it to people who are, I’m dealing with one-on-one.
And usually it’s a group friends, a group people, people that actually matter.
’cause the ruler goes into the fifth house, Sagittarius people that I’m teaching, people that are going to, and then it goes to my IC in the fourth house.
People who really want the truth.
Deep down that I feel safe teaching.
I don’t feel safe teaching.
When I go on live on TikTok, I don’t feel safe teaching.
When I make those videos out, I’m always like, who’s stealing my s**t?
Claiming that it’s theirs?
Why are you learning from me?
And then going somewhere else to either talk s**t about me or like compare me to another astrologer doesn’t work.
So for my Chiron to feel comfortable, I have to just say, these are the people I wanna work with.
That happened in film that was an unintentional alignment is I only worked with people I wanted to work with and I only talked to people in my group.
I didn’t talk to other, I didn’t go to mixers.
I went to one or two of them because I thought I was supposed to.
And every single time I was like, this sucks.
Every single time somebody tried to set me up with another producer and be like, you guys should work on a project together.
No, because the way that I see everything and the way that they do never aligns and they’re usually in it for money.
And I’m in it for just really the art, the passion, and then how money can come into it.
So that is reverse vantage, guys.
Uh, if you have any questions when you’re watching this, feel free to drop that into, uh, the comment section or put up a post or anything like that.
Thank you for attending the reverse vantage, uh, webinar and as always, vibe hire.