So welcome everybody to my first class which is understanding the basics. I'm going to be taking you through just a couple of things before we start looking at anything just so that everyone's clear on why I'm doing this and what I expect you guys to get out of this and where we go from here. So astrology is obviously something a lot of people are interested and there's a lot of you know, fake stuff out there and we always see these horoscopes and that's actually why I got into it was too debunk these horoscopes. I thought you know, I've always been to into astrology like most of my life.


And I saw these horoscopes and it really starting to bother me and I was like, you know the cannot be right. So I started looking into them and dove into astrology and at first it like I was doing real good. I had the wrong birth time my wife had the wrong birth time and I was also using plastidis health system and I'm gonna get into that in a minute. So I know a lot of you already have a foundation in astrology. Maybe you're just looking to kind of brush up and pick up a few details some of you who are here attending this class have no astrological background whatsoever. So I'm going to be pretending as though you don't so I've said this a few in my lives when I do live readings.


I've I'm trying to take it back to where there were moments when I used to teach martial arts and as a black belt it was really hard to kind of go back and remember what it was like to be a white belt to remember.


Like to remember how things.


I'm gonna double record this to remember how things felt when you when you don't know what the next thing is. You don't know the first thing you don't know stances. You don't even know why you're wearing this uniform, you know what you want and you know, you want self-defense you want discipline. Whatever. The reason is you want to go in and you want to have there's something you want to get out of it. So that's what I'm gonna try to do is bring it back down. You guys are my astrology white belts and I'm gonna try to take you through the front stance the down block and everything.


So when I got into this this journey of trying to debunk astrology it obviously it didn't work because here I am teaching you guys astrology but using the wrong things and then kind of finagling my way. I did a lot of testing on people who'd find random people in the street and be like, hey, can I do you know your birth time and then I would practice and they would it would be more of a conversation where they give me feedback and I'd be like, you know, I'm trying to learn this and like what happened here and how did this play out? And it was a lot of that it was not a lot of textbook stuff.


It was a lot of like I need to learn what Mercury means I need to know what Aquarius means but I knew there was more to it once I started getting into it and things started clicking and the more details. I got the more into what I got the more things started to make sense and then of course It got to the point. Okay. Well, I know how to read astrology now.


What do I do with it? And this is this is what I want for you guys by the end of this is one of seven classes in this course and this is a Basics course. This is a there are things that even even if you're an advanced astrologer intermediate that you're gonna take from this course and be able to apply and that's the purpose is I'm going to keep it as simple as possible here.


Eventually. I'll be doing additional classes shortly after this. This one's over.


Where I focus in on very specific details very specific themes and topics in astrology, but I want to make this class relatable. I want you to be able to take this information and actually apply it I want it to feel basic. I wanted to feel like you're grasping it as I go now, obviously this isn't one-on-one. I do at the time of recording this. Anyway, I do offer one-on-one coaching for teaching astrology and that'll be up on our site soon. But I took it down because I knew I was doing this first so That's why I got into it. I went to debunk. It didn't work went through my journey and learned a lot about myself and then you know, we live our lives myself my wife my family using astrology using tarot using other esoteric studies. We use this astrology in this information to make daily decisions.


There are some things that we know happen. And then sometimes we try to work with the energies some energies are very difficult to work with good example as I went live this morning, but everything for this Mercury retrograde went bad and I knew I only had three days left so it is slowing down but it's towards the end where it's gonna become stagnant again, so it's hard to move forward with the energy but I chose this date for this class because I knew I could work through it.


Anyway given where all of my placements were specifically my moon placement.


I won't be talking about that in this class. But in this course we will be talking about transits and I think that's extremely important.


You guys are gonna learn a lot about transits orbs of influence. Which means There's a planet how far out does its energy actually go how far is its reach. So when you're talking about your own planets or you're talking about Transit planets, your own planets are the moment you were born in the time date and place. That's why those are the three things that you need time date and place.


What's the cosmic imprint that is the blueprint of your life your Cosmic DNA is your natal chart and I'm going to show you mine. I went back and forth. I was like I could use a famous person. I could use somebody in the class I could use but I can make up some person but I decided just to use my own and I'm not going to use too much life experience. Although I will throw some of those in but I'm gonna use it just so you can see how the placements are and how they play out.


There are different types of astrology out there.


I do not study a specific type of astrology. What I did was I pulled up hundreds of Of sources, mostly online some physical books, but mostly online sources including Believe It or Not Tumblr a lot of really good nuggets on Tumblr and I pulled it together and I cross referenced all of these websites to determine what information was accurate and what didn't feel right based off of what I knew. So when you get into it, you're learning the planets you're learning the signs and that's what most of this class is going to these and when you talking to you about the energies and before I talk to you about the energies, Just understanding. What type of course this is you are going to be learning My Method my way.


Of reading and I don't have a name for it or anything like that. It's just right now. It's just the Mystic Rebels Academy Rebel Academy way of doing it and maybe one day I'll coin a cool term, but I don't have one now and I it really doesn't matter. It's Logan's way. And then what I want for you is once you guys get through this clip this course any other courses any other studies is for you guys to be able to go out on your own and create your own methods your own tests your own theories and trials because that's the fun part.


the thing about astrology, I think that bugs me the most Aside from pop culture astrology at which is, you know, Libras don't like Geminis or they wouldn't say that because they're they're trying but libraiths don't like cancers or you know, I'm a Scorpio.


So I'm just secretive and it's like they use it to explain away their behaviors as opposed to growing and spiritually continuing on their path.


But aside from that it's the limiting nature of astrology as it as it exists today.


There are different methods and people take that textbook method and they say that that's it. It kind of treat it like the Bible. That's it.


There's nothing else. You cannot expand your mind Beyond this.


And you know, they they have these fights with people, you know, I've gotten into these like and I just walk away. I'm like this is not worth my time, but they'll sit there and fight with you and you're like no look I've done it. I've done thousands of charts. I do it and this is what I've seen like, well that's not the way it is.


And it's like well.


I do what works.


I don't know what to tell you. So I'm not gonna regurgitate what you can find on Google too much. I'm not gonna regurgitate too much what you find in textbooks. I'm just gonna teach you what I know and we're gonna go from there energy. I think is important to understand because When you're learning how to do.


when you're learning how to do all these charts and this right here is my chart when you're learning this and you see this chart here.


The first thing you usually end up thinking.


is water all those signs what are all those different, you know symbols that you see on the on the screen right now and all of these has a meaning all these has a very specific set of energies, but when people see this each one is in a position. Like I said, it's the moment. It's the time the place and the date.


Right. So I guess time and date are are the moment but the place is very specific as well. So I was born in Baltimore Maryland on June 12th in 1982 at 9:49. Am so this is my information that you plug in you end up getting this chart here. I am a Leo Rising we're going to talk about all of this.


Once I get through the houses, I'm going to come back to the angles which are extremely important.


These each one of these has a degree these degrees do matter and the reason why your birth time is so important is because it does move certain things in your chart based on if you were born in the morning in the afternoon and it can determine based on that. It determines if some of your planet sit in the daytime or if they sit in the nighttime, it will actually determine if you're more of a introverted or extroverted person if you're more of a self-starter or someone who needs motivation from other people And those are hemispheres we will talk about hemispheres in another class in this course and we'll talk about a lot of things. I'm going to hint at a few things through this class, which I'm not going to be talking about too much in this class because they're going to be safe for another class in this course aspects transits things like that.


So in this specific class for this two-hour period we are going to ignore all these lines all these lines basically show is that a planet has a relationship with another planet and that is aspecting so we will talk about aspects and other in another class because it is a very deep topic and I definitely don't want to confuse you one day one. What I want to teach you is the rest of it now when I talk about and we're gonna get into what's called orbs of influence, we're gonna get into that later, but orb of influence is basically if if you don't remember me saying it earlier is how far out does a planet reach how far are it's effects and each planet.


It's different each plant has a different size a different reach a different behavior. And that's why those degrees are so important because if they're close enough together, that means they affect each other in a certain way if they're sitting like these two far enough away. That means they are not affecting each other.


And they are just sitting in the same house occupying the same space.


That's important to know but I want to point this out during this class because I want you to think about energy not as something that's static.


Energy is something that kind of I get a visual of this like blob, you know, it's it's tangible, but it's not like you could put your hand through it.


But it it constantly moves and I see it like kind of as in a meat as an amoeba that caused that keeps basically a constant shape, but also pulsates.


And I see it this way because I don't want to have a fixed view on what every single one of these energies are.


And this is not a Tarot class. But when you learn tarot, it's very similar. When you learn that the definitions of each of the cards. You will let me see if I can reach one here. What do we have here? We have Temperance here. Right and Temperance has a very specific meaning right balance waiting patience. There's a lot to it and each card is a little bit different and it's you know, trading off things and whatnot.


This isn't tarot. But this card when it comes up can mean a lot of things depending on how it sits in a reading and And and your intuition in the messages that come through when I read astrology I use intuition as well. I listen I open myself up to the messages because while it is science and math based while you are reading especially if you're doing this for a client some of you are doing this because you want to be astrologers and you can make a living doing this and which is wonderful some of you are doing this just because you either want to understand yourself. Maybe you're a parent you want to understand your children.


You want to know when it's a good time to do certain things. You want to know when I'll say bad things negative things, you know things that cause emotional Reactions or situations when they happen what you can do with it and by the end of this course not this class, but this course that's what I want for you and by the end of these seven classes, I want you to have a basic knowledge to say these are the energies I can identify them. I understand where they're sitting. I understand how the relationship the basic relationship with, you know within each other and then I know that because they have this energy and they have all these meanings and they're joined in with this other energy.


It's coming out this way. It's playing out this way, but it could play out this way.


And all I have to do is interject My Free Will upon it.


To create whatever I want and that is manifestation part of it. Anyway, astrological manifestation and that is divine timing when the planets line up in such a way that you take advantage of the energy and move it around. So you flip that puzzle piece. It's kind of like a Rubik's Cube You flip it around. You line it up and you get it to the point where you you have. All everything is here now. I want to also explain.


that I have so many metaphors in my head. I got to just pick one. I want to explain that manifestation and astrology is working within the energies that you have.


That means if you do not have certain energy.


You cannot work with it. If you have a bunch of Leo energy and nothing in Capricorn and there's no link. You're not going to be able to use Capricorn energy.


You will be able to use Saturn energy and that will make more sense by the end of this class, but you won't be able to use Capricorns house sign energy.


And the best way I think I can explain that is if you if you're sitting at a table and someone else is sitting at a table.


And then I put out a box of screws.


Some paper man. Yeah, so box of screws some paper glue.


And I'll just leave it at that. I put that around I'm gonna tell you make make the best thing you can out of that. Now you cannot aside from the screws.


You can't go around and make something. Well, let's put it this way. You cannot make something out of wood. You don't have wood you have paper. I mean technically right it's paper, but you have paper you have screws and you have glue so you can't make a huge metal structure. You can't make a huge wooden structure.


Now what you do make out of it is going to be different from the next person because you're too Unique Individuals with your own ideas.


And your own experiences now.


Somebody comes along carrying a box of wood and walks past you all the sudden the woods there you can use it or you cannot use it. But if you need wood to create whatever it is, you're trying to create you can grab the wood at that time. Now, you couldn't create it before you can create it now. So you've made something now you're adding wood in for whatever the structure is now someone else comes along with a box of metal scraps. Now you can take that it all has to do a timing and it all has to do with materials when you translate that it has to do with when you're talking about these energies here. If you don't have if the moon is transiting Leo, then you have Leo to work with if it's transiting you're ascendant you have a sentence energy to work with and you have to use this energy and then when we get into aspects anything that is connected to it.


This being one.


And I'll talk about this specific one in my chart and how that played out.


in another class But I want you to understand that it's all about energy energy is malleable. It's movable and you can do whatever you want with it. As long as you stay within the parameters of that energy.


I've done a few live classes and someone will point out. Hey, you know, they could just be a nurse and then I look at the chart and I'm like, well, there's no nurse energy.


There's no service. There's no Virgo. There's no Pisces. There's no there's nothing there that lines up with it. And then when they respond, you know on the live you find out that they're you know in architect or they're a painter or something like that and that's why it's because that energy doesn't match that the whole point of astrology is to understand. I also want to say before we get into it. I know you guys are just ready to to go.


That astrology is not although I do believe in.


Faded points and in some ways Destiny two major takeaways is one.


There's no right way to do your life.


There's no life purpose. There's no one life purpose. You have multiple things that you're gonna do multiple stages of your life and you have the choice to do them. So it makes it difficult when people ask me for life purpose readings because I'm like, well, what do you want to do? Because we have to appease this sun energy people who get stuck in jobs chasing the supposed life purpose forget the fact that they need to be happy.


The other thing I want to say is that nothing is black and white.


Nothing is set in stone. Nothing is concrete. However Energy is tend to in my experience play out in their lowest vibrational setting.


Until you use them meaning Mars with Uranus turns into an accident when it could be something it could be something revolutionary.


You know Venus with the moon can turn into sadness or Mourning depending on how it's aspecting when it could be a very strong emotional security and value within a partner.


And it's all about how you use the energy some aspects again. We'll get into it. And another class are going to make it easier to do that. Some are gonna make it more difficult, but the difficult ones tend to make it.


More impactful meaning when you use those energies. They create a bigger difference. So that's like just the understanding of taking something that seems good tends to make a lazy like trying.


Tend to make a lazy person again that's harmonious flow the ones that conflict once you master them tend to really Elevate you in like you skip steps you level up and level up in level up. So I want you to keep that in mind that nothing's black and white if you've ever gotten in astrology reading from anyone before and they've given you Doomsday Prophecy type readings understand that I don't do that. I think it's important to understand what possibly could be negative but it's always in your best interest to have hope to have direction to have perspective and to be armed with the ability to take energy and use it in your direction in your own way so that it doesn't manifest in its natural state and I think the lower vibrational is just it's natural state, but we'll get into that again later.


I'm going to get into.


how to cast a chart I'm just going to start there because I think that is the best way to start so I know that this is cut off a little bit because of my setup my format. But this website is astro.com astro.com. And this is a website that most astrologers use if they're not using solar fire, which is PC only there's really no.


Good Mac software. Maybe I'll end up doing that and and working with the developer and creating one but honestly, everything's going online. Most people want to be able to do this from their phone. So I just got in the habit of using this I use a few sites, but this is the main one that I use. This is what I'm going to use to teach you.


And if you've been on my live readings I use this for live readings as well.


now when you get into Into astro.com you're going to go to horoscopes up at the top. There you go. You can kind of see it. Sorry. It's cut off a little bit. And then it's going to bring up this menu for the purposes of today extended chart selection is what you want. You're gonna click on that now for me, everything is already pre-loaded because I use this and then I have a drop down with everybody's information, but I'm gonna assume that you haven't used it before that's your first time. You're gonna click add you're gonna fill out your information. First name last name gender female male or events now event charts again. We're not gonna talk about this. Now. These are this is called electional astrology. This is something that I do if you have a business if you want to know like the town Charter if you want to understand the Pluto Return of the United States if you want to see how your marriage might transpire You would choose event and that would cast an election chart. It is read a little bit differently, but that's why that option is there male female is obvious. It really doesn't make that much of a difference. It's not going to change any energy if your male or female for me.


I just basically use it. So I remember who I'm talking to when I'm reading the chart knowing your gender will let me know.


Sorry, somebody asked me what the site was. It is Astro like the word for Star astro.com.


So while you're doing this, I know that men tend to less now than than ever but tend to gravitate towards their Mars placement women tend to gravitate towards their Venus placement. And that's more of an advanced technique that I'm not going to get into right now, but that's what that's for birthday. Pretty obvious date month year hour. You're gonna want to know if it's AM or PM.


Like I said, the time is the most important part if you have your date and you have your place, but you don't have your time.


Birth time rectification if you cannot get it from a parent or legal Source like your birth certificate.


Part-time rectification is a service that we basically use the events in your life in your relationships with people to determine even your physical characteristics, which I'll get into to determine what time you were born. If you know it you just choose here what it is enter that in country birthplace.


You just type in whatever you're gonna type these settings we will do.


Yeah, you don't need these right now and then you hit continue. I'm just going to go back because I'm already preloaded.


We go down here. We're only going to worry about round special ephemeris, and you can't see it over there, but it says Poland we're not going to worry about those right now. Just this the chart type for this there are so many things that we can do in astrology.


We're not getting into any of this in this class except for a natal chart wheel. This is your birth chart natal chart birth chart. Those are interchangeable terms for the same thing.


Deep chart drawing style for me is web default. I've changed some things and this is kind of like the web default. There's no reason to go into any of these others.


Hellenistic astrology when I was telling you I don't use other astrology.


This is one of them.


I'm gonna get into that in a moment, but just keep it as web default start date. This is you just leave us, you know, normal leave it as today's date that way if you end up doing transits again, we'll talk about that in another class.


Then you'll know what date you can move back in time. You can move forward in time so that you can analyze life at different periods.


For the record because this is important and ephemeris is the mathematical chart.


Basically, they're not chart.


I guess it's a table. It's the mathematical table of where every planetary position is going to be at its exact degree when it goes retrograde when it goes forward when you look at it. It is extremely mathematical. It looks like a math chart from high school.


That is what is the backbone of astrology and it's used in creating the the chart here.


Health System when we get down here before I even go into health system over here, you'll see draconics sidereal and tropical tropical is another word for Western So you you're learning tropical Western astrology.


Tropical is what we do. If you've heard of vatic astrology which to me doesn't resonate but a lot of people swear by it. It's a completely different system sidereal astrology uses planets as an astronomer would use the planets.


And they are calculated.


by by taking into account the the processions and the reason why I don't think it works or I haven't seen it work accurately when I say accurately I'm not talking about I get a reading some of it's right some of its wrong. I'm talking about every single thing. Every single detail is right. I have not seen that ever.


The reason why I don't think it's right is that tropical uses the planets as they relate to the vernal equinox meaning they line up with the seasons based on the earth, which is the planet you're physically on.


Those seasons are Cycles astrology is all about Cycles. You can look at your own life and you can point out all the different things that seem to recur throughout your life these themes these Cycles these whether good or bad like I've even pointed out in my own life. I know two specific points of the Year where one of them is very specific change.


Sometimes it's really bad. Sometimes it's really good. It always leads me to the Future.


But during it it can be very difficult for me. And then I've noticed another point in in the year almost every single year that is extremely positive. It's like New Beginnings. It's always New Beginnings for me and actually lines up with the the vernal equinox, but it's not like that for everybody. We all have different times. We all have a different cycle and set a cycles for everything.


But that's tropical astrology.


It has to do with your position on the planet when you move it changes or I shouldn't say changes your natal chart never changes. But as you move, you actually get a new natal chart based on your geocentric position. So if you are born on the East Coast like I was and when I moved to Los Angeles on the other side of the country, it was a different chart meaning. I had a different life. My health was different my underlying tone stayed the same because the natal charts still there, but my job changed my career path the way my emotions were everything.


And that's important relocation astrology is going to be a different probably a different course that I teach.


draconic is something I don't know that I subscribe to I'm still testing this out, but it's interesting. What it does is it sets the North Node to zero Aries?


and it's supposed to be your life purpose your life Journey on a very soul level meaning what your soul wanted out of this world if the real world didn't exist, and it's a very kind of esoteric theme it's a very it's a bit far removed from you know, the Practical so it's something I'm like I'm looking into I don't know that I subscribe to it. But that's what it is. Again. Geocentric means earth-based heliocentric would be sun-based we use geocentric none of this matters.


Health Science our health systems rather there are a lot of house systems house systems are the way that we calculate where the beginning of one area of life in in your life starts and where it ends.


Each one is is based differently. Some are called quadrant systems. Some are called time-based systems. It's just different calculations again. I'm not going to get into the boring details. You can Google any of this and if anyone's actually interested, I'll do classes that hone in on this but I don't want to waste your time on this. I want to get to the good stuff. I learned on placidus if you click default. It will also be placidus.


You can't see that sorry.


here There you go. If you click default, it will also be placidus. I don't like plasticist. It doesn't work. It doesn't resonate and it took me a long time. It took me about two years of working with astrology and learning to figure out that the reason my my readings were not accurate came down to the fact that I was using classicist house system and The irony is that it's extremely complicated in certain areas. Meaning they have things like and I'm actually just going to show you this now.


I'm going to pull it up because and then I'm gonna continue back.


So if I pull up placidus house system.


And I pull out whole signs, which is what I use.


You see that they're very different whole signs lines up with the beginning of each sign. So the sign is it just shifts. It's very clean.


It's very easy. This is the oldest chart system. This is the oldest house system. This is what the babylonius used for a very very very long time and all of these ones are newer Placid. This is actually one of the newest ones it was developed by Ptolemy and told me has another system and then it was modified and it's time-based and it's supposed to make up for the curvature of the earth. It's supposed to Solve problems but it I it ironically ends up creating more problems. So you see that the ascendant here is actually the beginning of the first house and you see that every house is a different size.


Now I'm going to show you what happens if we were just to take you know.


Rosy gardener and she's a female and she was born on the 21st of December 1991.


And then she was born at 5 am just make it easy and she was in Anchorage. Can I spell Anchorage?


Yes, Anchorage, Alaska and when I pull up her chart.


This actually isn't as bad as some that I've seen but you notice how this twelfth house and sixth house axis is so small the fifth house 11th is pretty small and then the third and the ninth are huge.


I'm going to do the same thing and I'm going to use.


I'm gonna guess because Actually, here's what I'm going to do while you guys are sitting here. I'm gonna let you see that I don't want to know my geography like I should.


I can't think of the most southern tip. It's not buenosairs.


What's a big city down here?


Rio Gallegos So let's do Rio.


Okay jagos, I can't spell.


There we go, Argentina.


And when you start doing these they'll all change but you see how some of these houses get really tiny. And then this one's huge this one encompasses three signs. Sorry, one two, three now the idea of placidus house system is that The twelfth house is a very large house the six houses very large house. Meaning there's more emphasis on these areas of life.


Taurus and Scorpio are intercepted meaning they they don't have a house. They don't belong to any area of life and they're swallowed up in the sixth and Twelfth houses.


counter respectively these two this this is always a source of contention because people believe that placidus being so complicated and having to deal with interceptions and what this really means and then finding, you know, Venus Venus is in another intercepted house.


That this is like because it's more complicated somehow. It's more accurate. It's not.


When you look at that was an extreme, but when you look at my chart, this is whole signs. This is placidus.


You see and by the way when you're talking about transits which are the planets as they move over a house when your plan when your house is this small the moon would move over in half a day. Meaning you would almost never experience anything in that area of life. It would take almost a week in that last chart to go over the sixth and 12th house because you're talking about yeah take about a week because it's two and a half two to two and a half days per sign for the moon to Transit. So you're talking about a week in one.


It's different energies, but one area of life being impacted. Now it never ever plays out that way. The Moon is never impacting that area of life for that long. That's another reason why plaster this but you go too high too low and go to the wrong places on the planet and the chart just completely falls apart for those reasons and you see here My mercury in placidus is in the tenth house.


That would be public speaking now. It is the ruler of my 11th house. So this one's a bad example here in whole science. It's in my 11th house.


And again, you're gonna learn what houses are Jupiter and plastis in my third house. It's in my fourth house here and Uranus as well. Uranus is probably the best example for me to understand why things are not playing out the way they are there are charts that are so much better equipped.


Then mine to explain and all my lives. I have shown people what happens when you're in the wrong system and how that would play out. And when I get those charts that come up in those people who are asking for readings. It makes it a lot easier for me to say this is what would happen. This is how it isn't whole science. This is how it is in placidus Placid is just never yields results.


A lot of you guys who have gotten chart readings from pretty much any astrologer almost all astrologers use plastidis health system because it's the default. Like I said, I learned on it too because it's the default everyone says to use it but it wasn't actually created until the 16th century. It's like one of the newest ones and then in the 17th century astrology was removed from the mainstream.


So you have to wonder why was placidus created in the first place if it was there for less than a century.


Less than a hundred years something was up with that. Something doesn't make sense. And I believe it was created the to throw everybody off because the people in power would not want you to understand this and funny enough hidden within everything is the one that actually yields results.


If you guys have seen my lives if you've seen my readings gotten readings from me, you know, how accurate whole science is equal house is another one that's pretty popular. I'm just gonna show you what happens with equal equal house system basically takes the ascendant puts it at your the start of your first house and then every house from there is based off of the degree that the ascendant is my Ascend is at 13 degrees. So the second house is at 13 degrees Virgo third house is 13 degrees Libra. So and so forth this in my chart, is very obvious that it does not apply Mars in the second house. And again, you're going to learn what this means being action and drive towards my value and finance outside of the orb of influence for to spill into my third house. This does not play that way up until I was 20 to 21 years old. I had no drive for money. I had no drive for Value. I had none of that. I wasn't trying to really do much that wasn't like fun or just something I wanted to do when I turned 21 and you'll learn this again in another class. I hit my progressed Virgo, so I went from a Leo Rising.


To a Virgo Rising the Mars then moved from my third house into my second house. And then yeah, I was all about making money and whatnot, but prior to that no.


so I'm not gonna go through all these whole science health system is the one you choose when you come down here for the sake of this class.


We are only going to keep true node and descending node. This is north and south node.


And traditional deckons really I'm not gonna go into deckons. I just like to see them there. Otherwise, I feel like something's missing in the chart.


In another class. I'm going to talk about deccans.


They basically just give you extra information, but they're not important for this class.


In aspects, we're not going to worry about anything because we're not talking about aspects when we come down here. There are a lot of things that we can choose.


I am only going to choose.


Chiron and I'm briefly gonna touch on Chiron. I'm not going to go into it. After that. We we don't need to worry about the reference place because we're not doing relocation astrology or solar chart solar return chart or anything like that again for another time. Yay. We've moved in we have clicked it and now we have our chart you always want to verify if you're reading for yourself if you're reading for anyone else you want to verify that you enter the information and correctly. Otherwise, you're gonna spend a lot of time reading the wrong thing and then you're gonna have to start over wipe the Slate clean and and redo everything.


So this is the chart I am now going to get into it because this is what is important. Now, you know how to cast a sharp a chart through astro.com. This is what you have. And what we're going to do is I'm going to switch over to my stuff. I created like two minutes before I started this class and we're gonna talk about this so Over here is the first house. So the first house is ruled by Aries. It is the house of self.


It is ruled. It is a there's the symbol for Aries, which will I'll show you again in a moment. This is ruled by Mars and you can see it's the first house. I probably should have went the other way around first house ruled by Mars Mars. Rules Aries. It's the house of self and there's areas against spelled out.


this this area of life is also where the ascendant is contained and I'm going to get to angles after I go through all 12 houses here and all 12 signs. I want you to understand that also rulership is extremely important.


So when someone talks about rulership, What they're saying is what is the planet?


It could be the sign sometimes we're talking about the sign but usually they're talking about the planet. What is the planet that rules a specific area of your life? These are the 12 houses. Everybody has all 12 signs. Everybody has all nine planets and then some everybody has all of this right? It's always affecting. So if you've ever heard somebody say, I don't like Leos or I can't stand Sagittarius.


They're really saying there's a part of me. I don't like and it's funny because when I got into astrology remember I said I had the wrong birth time. I thought I was a double Gemini Aquarius.


So I thought because the hour the time was off by like four hours. I think I thought I was my ascendant was here.


I thought I was a Gemini rising a Gemini sun and an aquarius Moon and I was like a rat when I was younger. I was a musician.


I was a singer a rapper a dancer. I did the whole thing and you can see that my 10th house is in Taurus will get into that.


I did the whole thing and Then I found out and my mother who I had quite an interesting relationship with my my birth mother and My adoptive mother and my foster.


My adoptive mother is a Leo son and at the time getting into astrology I thought Sun Signs were the most important thing I didn't find out until later that your ascendant sign is the most important followed by the moon followed by the Sun the sun's actually number three and then there's an argument to be made for the IC angle as well.


So I thought I was Gemini and my mother was a Leo son. I was like ha. I'm glad I'm I don't have any Leo in my chart because it's you know, it was an empty house.


And then I found the right birth time and I found out man. I'm gonna I'm a Leo ascendant. Are you kidding me? I hate Leos and it's because I have a lot of self-esteem issues. They were much worse as a child and I didn't like me. I didn't like everything I was and could be and it was all exemplified through the sun sign of my mother and this happens a lot when people are like I don't like a sign. I don't like this. I don't like that. It's actually because there's a light especially when it's a sun sign. It's a light being shined shown shine whatever the word is it's being cast upon you.


And it's highlighting the things you don't like about yourself.


And when you come to grips with what with what those things are you have an amazing relationship. I'll give you a for instance.


Pisces energy. I don't have anything here. We'll talk about rulerships later. But when someone's son sits in Pisces when I was younger, it used to bug me Pisces or two emotional. I have a moon in aquarius. So I don't like emotion to emotional to this to that too like out there. I'm also Gemini right Gemini's logical. So it's a square again. We'll get into aspects later.


But the point of that is Pisces energy is something I had to bring into my life. And of course, of course the universe when I was ready gave me a Pisces wife and a Pisces daughter. So, you know, the universe has a sense of humor as well.


So that's what's important there now.


The ascendant sits within the first house here. Now.


The first house here is ruled by Aries. Excuse me.


Aries here is a cardinal sign you're gonna see when I go through the houses and signs that there are three types of modalities, which is what this first word is and there are four types of elements and I color coded them just to make them a bit easier when I made this five minutes before I started this Your Cardinal sign cardinal signs are at the angles. So when I start talking about the angles, which are the ascendant descendant icmc you don't have to worry about that right now. I'm gonna get back to it the ascendants in your first house it is where your season start it lines up with the months and the months line up at the seasons.


And they create the cycles of the earth meaning Aries.


Which is the sign we're here. We're at here.


Is the beginning of a new cycle? It's the baby. It's always the start in Tarot. It is kind it doesn't represent but it's kind of like the full card. You're just getting started Aries is the baby a lot of the things that Aries embodies, especially at a low vibration are very immature.


So it moves around that way Pisces being the last one is actually completion Pisces and I'll get to this in a minute rules your connection to God.


Because that's the last one. That's the last step and that's why we're all here is to live the best life. We can while connecting to God. That's the cycle of completion you want to do that for each phase of your life.


So Aries here rules the first house.


As I showed before it is the natural ruler there some astrologers out there say that natural rulers. Do not exist. I disagree those same people say that dignity.


Planetary dignity meaning a planet has a strength it's better in a certain house versus another I disagree with that. I don't think a planet is better or worse in any sign or house. I just think you understand the energies and you can do amazing things. It doesn't act natural.


Like for instance me.


Sorry.


me here with my with my word to go Mars in Libra. It doesn't act natural, but That's okay. We need those people. We need the people who who have that that energy that is not just aggression. You know that standard Martian energy there.


That's what we need in this world. We need variety. I think I think we're at a place where most of us realize that variety is the spice of life, but it's also how we move forward.


So Aries is a cardinal meaning Aries energy is the start. They're very good at getting things going and as the first the also the ruler of the first house. It's literally how you start. So when you're talking about areas energy. It is the foundation and I'm not talking about fan foundation in terms of like structure or base, you know, the basement or anything I'm talking about like if you know anything about the chakra system it is the root. It's at the bottom. It's the first thing that forms and literally as we grow we go through all of the houses and this is how we evolve you start here as a baby and then you you gain value and then you gain communication and then you connect with your mother and your home and the rest of your family and then it's about fun and then it's about Duty and chores.


You see what I'm saying? It goes all the way around and the Cycles keep going in our life.


It's a fire sign fire signs. There are four elements again fire signs are all about passion energy action.


And they they have a lot to do with our our that's like using the word in a sentence in the dictionary, but they have to do with our fire our internal fire the thing that keeps us going. This is all about action and actually like movement.


Sense of self the first house is the house of self and I think one of the most amazing things about the house of Self in specifically the ascendant is it rules your physical appearance? It rules your body. So this has to do with your sense of self and your Independence when you're talking about Martian energy.


This is the me. It's just me, it's opposing.


It's opposing the seventh house energy.


You know what? I'm just gonna use this. It's opposing the seventh house energy which has to do with Partnerships, which we'll get to everything here.


I want you to understand this as well. And I know I bounce around a little bit which is why this is great. You can just watch it afterwards but everything here is based on an axis.


So whenever you're talking about the first house you always consider the opposition because life is about balance. And if you're too selfish that means your Partnerships fail if you get lost in your Partnerships, then you lose your sense of self.


And as we go through the balance between the axis, that's what it's called in astrology 1 7 2 8 3 9 4 10 5 11 6 12. So you may hear this term. I use this term every once in a while. This is the one seven axis. This has to do with you and other people.


so when we start talking about You this is literally you without anybody else. This is you solo riding alone.


It's the sense of self. It's a sense of being it's a sense of who am I? What am I really more?


What am I Jupiter when we get the Sagittarius more?


Who am I this is this is who slash what am I on a very personal level?


It's your body. It's your physical appearance. When I do birth time rectification charts and I have you sitting in front of me doing a zoom rating. I look at what you look like. I pay attention. I look at your jawline as much as I can see within a zoom window. I look at your jawline. I look at the shade of your skin. I look at your hair. I look at how thick your hair is. I look to see if your style I look at your eyes to see what angle they are. Your eyebrows your forehead and each one has a different set of traits that make it obvious.


What makes it a bit more confusing is when you have other planets in there and the ruler of the first house is hitting a bunch of other planets. That's what makes it more complicated when that's not happening. It's super easy. So it's your body your physical appearance. I can tell you your height I can tell you your weight. I can tell you if you were born thin and get wider as you get older or struggle with weight. A lot of it has to do with with the first house and also with the first house and it's ruler aspecting. Remember the ruler is the planet that rules it so in the case of Aries This is the glyph for Aries. And this is the same on all of these. This is the Zodiac like pick pictogram. I guess would be the rest the best way to say it. This is what you're going to see, you know on horoscopes and things like that. You'll see this or sometimes if they're fancy you'll see this this is what you're gonna see on the zodiac chart on the wheel when your natal chart. This is Mars. The Mars is the ruler of Aries and the ram is the symbol.


So we're talked about Aries being the Cardinal sign meaning the first of three. It goes Cardinal then fixed then mutable and I'll explain the other two when I get to the next two signs and then in the element of fire, meaning passion and drive and you can actually see that it's the first one the Cardinal sign the first one that deals with action drive and passion which is why it's anger Challenge and competitiveness and reaction.


So wherever you find Mars, these are the themes.


now the difference between I should say this the difference between the Boop the house the sign and the planet are that this is where it happens in your life what area of life it happens the themes of the area of life. This is the theme of how it plays out.


And this is what are we talking about planets or what?


signs are how houses are where?


and when you're reading charts, that's how you discern when you're talking about the house versus the planet versus the sign. How do you interpret that now? You're not going to learn that in this class by Class 7. That's gonna make a lot more sense as we go through practical examples.


sense of self-independence body physical appearance, whether you have afflictions whether you're short tall big small the color your skin how thick your hair is what type of teeth you have if you have back problems, all of that is related in to their I'm sorry. I didn't see this that the I will create a PDF out of this and I will create a PDF out of this and make sure that you have it. I'm sorry. I forgot that you guys have questions over here. I will put this together. I wasn't sure honestly when I was doing this, I wasn't sure if I was just gonna use this and just talk about this or if I was going to create this over here. So I ended up doing this. Like I said like 10 minutes before I jumped on live and created all of this in Photoshop like, you know like this, so hopefully there's no typos or misspellings and I'll double check that before I send it out.


Let's see do my son is a Pisces name Micah meaning who is like God.


I love it. What are those three questions?


Oh the three questions, let me go back to that. Sorry. I did just say it. The house is Where where in life are we talking about? Where does this play out? The planet is what? What are we talking about? Physically speaking. What is it? That's working. What is it? That's moving around and the sign is how how is it playing out? What is the theme of what's playing out?


So this is more specific.


This is more thematic. And this is where this is the location in your life so to speak.


answer that I know this for another class give yes, I can absolutely do that. What? Okay.


So what a very easy one what your physical body right? So Mars represents what your actual body looks like if you have a Mars and Libra you have a graceful body. If you have a Mars and Aquarius you have an alien like body where there's a good amount of symmetry. You're kind of androgynous looking.


Um, if it is Capricorn, you are a bit more rigid bit more structured, especially in the jaw. The Jaws like nice and strong if it's an Aries and I'm actually using how and and what so what is that? I'm using how Capricorn is the how how does it play out? Well, it plays out like this. You have it like this Aries plays out with a more structural body. Leo will play out that you have a bit more broad shoulders your hair is a bit more significant, assuming that it's not poorly aspected to another planet and you'll have an asymmetrical hairline. I don't know if you can tell but mine is asymmetrical it goes one of the ways and your skin has a reddish tint to it. That's all Leo and you keep going through and through And then where is like?


If Mars is in Gemini, then that that direction that passion ends up in communication.


So you speak you speak fast. You speak a lot.


You speak direct your Blunt. You're you get to the point and sometimes you say things that can offend other people because again, it's the baby of the zodiac.


So that's kind of how that plays.


out Mars sitting in the and I'll do another classroom actually talking more about Each planet I I saved this not for the class because I'm going to do these on videos for our YouTube channel because I don't like I don't want to regurgitate.


YouTube Google stuff that you can find easily what I want to teach is the stuff that's not there and then joined it in with our YouTube videos and whatnot. So I'll make sure pretty soon that I get up bars in the first house Mars in the second house and whatnot. And those are those are basic themes because they don't they don't take into account.


the ruler they don't take account, you know, the the aspects to the ruler or anything that's sitting in there or that's what I was trying to get at planets that are in the first house.


so I hope that was good.


No aspects, I'm sorry Patrick. I didn't see that question no aspects in display and calculations for right now when we get to another another class when we start talking about aspects aspects you will absolutely activate certain ones for basic understanding so that makes that space.


So that makes sense because aspects are actually one of the most important things but if you don't have the understanding of the foundation, then the aspects just end up all of this here and all of this which is the basic aspects. This all just ends up being extremely confusing and since I don't have the asteroids and other things selected, this is just the basic usually this thing goes, you know all the way down here and there's a ton more going on but for Basics, that's what I have.


All right. So when we go back to Aries here anger challenge Mars is also an Aries is also about where you challenge where you're competitive people who have heavy areas or heavy Mars placements are extremely competitive. They like challenging. These are the people who are firefighters because of Courage. These are the people who are usually in law enforcement. These are the people who are athletes. These are all the very masculine things you can think of is is Mars and that's why it rules male. It rules the body, you know women have Mars but Venus is a very different thing and we'll talk about that in the next sign.


The first house also in certain predictions, especially when I do I call it a marriage Transit right now, but I need to rename it because it's not when you get married, it's just when your soul is ready to be with another person.


That specific type of calculation that I do if you are attracted to men then we're looking at the first house for certain transits to go over if you're interested in women, it's the second house because the second house is ruled by Venus, which is extremely interesting. I love that kind of stuff, but we're not there yet. And the first house is also how you react. I want to point this out real quick because people will say Textbooks will say YouTube videos will say this and people in like Reddit communities and everywhere that your mask that the ascendant is a mask you wear that it is not that important that it is not your personality.


That's not anything. The ascendant is the physical moments the physical aspect of who you are again, I'm gonna get to that when I go into into angles that may be in the next class. I have to get through these 12. I'm gonna get as far as I can. I'm gonna bang out these 12 but it is all about your reaction. It is all about the foundation. The ascendant is in the first house the first house the house of self that is all about your reactions.


It's about how you physically are how you do things because this rule by areas and rule by Mars courage initiating. It's also pioneering energy and kind of Boss attitude because it's the first Aries wants to do what areas wants to do and it's very difficult to have somebody above you. It's the type of Boss energy That isn't as much about leadership as it is about being able to tell people what to do and being okay with it.


So that is Aries. The second house is Taurus. Second house is ruled by Venus. This is the glyph for Venus. This is the glypher Taurus and it's the house of value.


When we go into here, this is Taurus. This is again the glyph for Taurus. This is the the bull for Taurus here.


And then this is the glyph that you'll see on the natal wheel here for Venus Venus is a co-ruling planet meaning it rules Taurus and it also rules Libra, which we'll get to later.


fixed is stubborn fixed means they do and they continue to do and it's very hard for them to shift. So when you talk about fixed signs, it's very difficult for them to kind of go someone else starts it they keep it going and they don't change. It's it's the people who who maintain these are the people and Earth has to do with things that are practical has to do with value and assets has to do with anything that's of the earth including Taurus ruling mother nature, which I have down here ruling nature.


so yes, they're very grounded if you're looking for someone who is grounded extremely grounded The Rock.


Not the actor, but the person who is a rock for you, then you'll look for an earth sign or someone who has Earth prominent in their chart Taurus is all about with venous ruling is all about art and talent that is also in your second house. If you want to find some of your talents ways to make money how you make money how money comes in yourself value your self-worth your possessions the items you own and your relationship to those what types of things do you buy how do you buy them what's important to you when it comes to things of value including your own values including how you your manners basically and then food being huge for Taurus Taurus loves food. They love to eat their Foodies.


Every foodie has Taurus somewhere in their chart.


Your resources usually this is money, but it can the other assets if they are your assets alone.


And then like I said nature when we go back to this chart we're talking about the second eighth axis, which is Taurus and Scorpio. That is the axis of money possessions and value Taurus is your stuff.


Scorpio when we get to it, you'll see that is other people's stuff.


But this has to do with your money. It's also the divine feminine as opposed to the Divine masculine of Aries. This is whenever you see Venus sitting somewhere in a chart you look at this glyph it often means women it often means the feminine.


It also means anything that has to do with Elegance that's going to be Venus here.


Moving forward to the third house. This is ruled by Gemini Gemini of the third house here. This is the symbol for mercury Mercury.


Rules Gemini. This is the glyph 4 Gemini. This is what you're going to see as a symbol it is the house of communication.


When we go to the next slide here Gemini is looks like this. This is the glyph again and it is the Twins and the thing most people notice about Taurus. I'm sorry Gemini. Well thing people notice about Taurus that they can be stubborn. That's the fixed energy in Gemini the thing that you can notice they're all over the place, they're erratic and these are the people who you say are ADHD and bipolar and the thing is when you get to a point where you're medicating this if it's if it's aspecting Jupiter or sitting squaring something or whatever.


Just ill aspected then. Yeah, there could be some intervention needed in some way. Obviously we prefer holistic intervention.


But it can be more extreme. The average Gemini is not bipolar. They do not have ADHD, but everyone around them thinks that they're both of those things. What it is is they see two sides of the same thing. They attack things from multiple angles because they're the ones who will argue both points and they may not even really have a point. These are The Debaters. These are the ones that like to get into not necessarily arguments. Unless Mars is there.


But definitely like to get into conversation with people and then the flip the side if you're talking about one thing they may sit there and talk about the other thing, you know the opposing view just because it's fun for them. They're intellectuals.


Mutable meaning they change often and this is has to do with the The Duality nature of Gemini mutable is always about changing. So you have the Cardinal that starts it.


You have the fixed that keeps it going and then you have the mutable that changes Direction now mutable is great for having ideas and coming up with the next idea meaning they're like the end of it. They don't they don't like to finish anything. That's where you need the fixed in there and even cardinal signs. Sometimes are pretty good at finishing things, but mutable noted not at all Air signs have to do with intelligence communication logic. Those are the main things air is very quick fast moving and it's all cerebral.


Thinking ideas identity. I think the main thing that people Miss astrologers in general about the third house is identity.


People forget that it has to do with mindset meaning it has to do with your actual identity. Not your personality identity, but your actual mental identity.


I call my daughter push me pull you. Yeah, that's that Gemini energy. It's they just they love that it has to do with how you speak. It has to do with your communication. How you communicate? How effective are you communicating? Do you need to do it slow do you talk fast do you speak eloquently do you speak and that all has to do with what planets and and And signs are in the third house. Remember, these are all third house based where Mercury is and where Gemini is it? All has to do with these themes.


Early and quick learning meaning Early Education like K-12 anything that you're starting to learn is is Gemini anything that has to do with facts. They're less.


They're more about logic and facts and less about the philosophy and anything as quick learning. I just need to learn this real quick so that I can do this. I'm not trying to get deep involved in it. They're very surface. Gemini energy is very surface. It also has to do with siblings cousins and Neighbors.


So when you're talking about the oh and coworkers, which is not on here but siblings cousins neighbors and co-workers. That is all ruled by Gemini third house and Mercury And then driving short trips also your local environment and your neighborhood is all ruled by your third house Gemini and Mercury. So these are the main traits and elements of that the fourth house here is ruled by the moon.


Which is most people's favorite when they're in spirituality.


It is cancer and it is about the home and family.


When we go forward here. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.


I bounce around all the time third and Ninth has to do with fact versus opinion lower versus higher education. It's this is the third ninth axis. The fourth tenth axis has to do with home and family your inner World your inner self everything that happens early in life and at home this is later in life and outward. This is your public. So this has to do with home and work basically your fourth tenth axis when I get into cancer energy here again, we're back to Cardinal because there's only three Cardinal means it's the beginning of a season so we had Aries starting spring cancer technically start summer.


So summer starts in cancer. This is the glyph for cancer. It's the crab and then it's ruled by the moon and this is the glyph you'll find on your chart.


Or back to water signs not back. I'm sorry. It's the first one four elements water signs are all about emotion intuition feelings mood. They're the nurturers and it's three different ways. But this is very deep or in a very emotional non-logical level very fluid.


The cancer the fourth house and the moon are all about the home mother or maternal figures family roots and ancestry.


So everything that where you came from is here, it also can represent your home country depending on what lens you're looking at through their lenses.


I will get to and another another class as well.


Which has to do with switching Focus, basically.


Cancer rules, like I said emotions mood and feelings and how you react to them. But not only the feelings you have but your relationship to your own feelings your relationship to how you process emotions.


And that's extremely important to understand that because it's not just I'm a cancer. So I'm emotional it, you know, they're actually more like the crab hard shell soft inside, but they're the they're the nurturers. They're the ones who have to be not the earth rock, but the water Rock they're the ones who have to be emotionally strong for everybody as a cardinal sign the protectors.


Which is interesting a Scorpio has that too on a very different level people don't realize that so nurturing and caring you see a lot of people in healthcare in just in like foster care and all that. They have a lot of this stay at home moms. Definitely have this kind of energy as well foundations meaning where you came from and that kind of ties into all of this but it goes deeper it has to do with things that are extremely personal to you that you would never reveal to other people not Secrets, which is personal things that you don't want the public to know.


Your physical home. So when you're looking at careers, sometimes this is how you see real estate or anything related to that or working from home and then your intuition and what most again what most people forget about is that it's also your fears.


And if you look at your chart, wherever the moon sits in your chart that degree give or take a degree is the age in which you had some sort of fear relating to the themes of this house.


So that's that's something when we get to Capricorn Saturn.


This is also the degree has a significance as well within the themes that we're talking about. So fears are a huge part where your moon sits and how it's aspecting will indicate the types of fears that you have.


It's also your intuition and it's not psychic ability.


It is intuition. The term mothers intuition is actually just this it's cancer rule by the moon in the fourth house. This is the mother's intuition at home. It's literally all three things that it's ruling in its in its home state and they've nicknamed it in the real world as a mother's intuition, but everybody has it it just sits in different areas of life people who are Aries Rising with the moon and the fourth house. They have it heavy.


Assuming that it's not poorly aspected.


When we get into the fifth house, we're talking about Leo and we're talking about the fifth 11th house access. This has to do with your own creative talents your own creative ability your kids people the peoples the little people who are yours versus the people who are not yours up here and then, you know outward expression and it's not everyone else's it's hopes and dreams and Stuffs the stuff that you don't have the creative expression. You don't have that you wish you did have is the opposite side but Leo here. This is the sun. This is the glyph and it's the house up pleasure, but you can also call it the house of children and romance.


So Leo, let's move this over a little bit Leo. We're back to the lion again. The two glyphs it's a fixed sign and it's a fire sign Leo's do not like to change Leos are quite stubborn Leo energy likes what Leo likes and it doesn't typically change unless it's coerced or there are other energies that are impacting fire sign it's all about passion which is why it has to do with energy and out. We're going and The card I also want to say that cardinal.


Energy when it starts. It's like a lot of energy up front and it Fizzles out fixed is not as much energy, but it can be maintained.


And then mutable is spurts of a lot of energy it comes and it's very kind of all over so whether it's fire water Earth or air that's kind of how it works.


children And fertility, it's not just kids. It's not just do you have kids or how many do you have or how you know, how are each one? It's also the first child so when you're looking at When you're looking at Leo in a chart, this is not only children. And will you have kids and their traits and kind of how they'll be but your first child specifically. What is the relationship with your first child? The second child is actually the seventh house.


The third child is the ninth house it skips around 11th one three five. So when you get to this one your first one and this one are kind of similar.


Interestingly enough when we get to Partnerships in the seventh house.


Your relationship has the same energy as your your first marriage has the same energy as your second child.


Which is I think very interesting.


Doesn't mean you have the same relationship. It doesn't play out necessarily the same because you're dealing with different people. But if you look at it, the themes are very similar.


Creative expression. This is where your talents are in a less about the value of your talent what you can do with your talent and this is how you express that Talent. This is how you express your creativity. How are you creative? How do you do it? How do you use this talent in what way do you do it? What way or is it fun? It's also about Vitality. What makes you happy? What brings you life? What's what is Gonna Make You kind of get up out of bed every day and want to live and want to do the things you're doing. Ironically speaking.


Pop culture astrology is based around the sun sign yet.


Most people ignore their sun sign when they're doing their career and I find that ironic when I do a lot of readings for career. I'm always saying but what about your sun sign? What about your son sign because it is very important. It's one of the three it's two it's one of the two luminaries the Sun and the Moon.


And it is the one about happiness. So when you're doing your job, are you happy?


If not, how can you appease this romance? Like puppy love the way you're actually romantically connected Leos are natural Romantics.


The fifth house is where your romance is how it plays out pleasure. Meaning, you know.


Toying around and just the things you do for fun Pride ego and drama Leo's love drama. This is also what area of Life what's in your fifth house that tends to be dramatic. You know, what's usually dramatic your first kid.


Your first kid is usually dramatic because it's your first one.


The second one. It's like I've already dealt with one and now I know how to handle this which is why it's in Libra the one-on-one house.


You're more in tune with it.


Has to do with your ego has to do with your pride whenever the sun is sitting there. You have to be careful that you don't overdo the sun's energy and that you maintain balance because this is where you can get you can go overboard also has to do with Recreation and entertainment.


What type of movies do you like? What type of or movies is more 12th house? But what type of entertainment do you like sports sports is actually ruled by the fifth house as well Recreation and Entertainment Sports, but what do you do? What are your hobbies? What are the types of things you like to go? See what type of events do you like? You know, how do you handle your free time is there?


I'm sorry I missed your Your question Taylor, I'm gonna go back to third house real quick and tell you mental identity. So Gemini is all about mindset. It has to do literally with the brain Gemini rules for the most part rules. The brain. It's ruled by Mercury Virgo co-rules in a very different way. It's a different section different side of the brain. But this is your actual identity. It is the like I said before the ID meaning your mental acuity. How smart you are how you think how you communicate how you speak? How you get what's in the brain out?


And whether it comes out because you know, if you have Saturn or something else, you might not speak that much you may speak slower. You may only speak when something is worth saying but this has to do with literally if you're looking for how you learn something. If you're looking to change your mindset and your state of mind, you're gonna look to Mercury you're gonna look to the third house and wherever Gemini is so that is your your mental identity as opposed to actually where we are now, which is Leo, which is your personality, which is Aries a little bit as well. But Leo is your personality in terms of How you're out there Leo likes the spotlight so when you're out there.


how how do you act this is how you actually this is you the first house is how you act in a Not robotic way but in a this is what my body does.


This is how my body does but when I'm being me so to speak that's your fifth house. That's your son. That's your Leo. So seeing how when you see somebody with Leo in the 12th house or something in the 12th house. They're usually not as out there now going unless this unless Leo in the 12th house. The sun being its ruler is, you know, either in the 10th or the seventh or the fifth house or something like that then yeah, they're gonna be excitable.


But if they're both sitting in the 12th house which is isolation, you know time to themselves. It won't play out that way but the third house Gemini is about your mental identity.


Leo is about your creative expression and your personality.


All right. Let's go to avoid you are Virgo. Here's the ruler of the sixth house.


I made a video joking about how Virgo doesn't have a fun side because it's it's the Mercury that comes second. It's also ruled by Mercury and it's squares again. We'll get into aspects later but squares College attention and friction. It squares the one that came first. So this one's all fun. This one's all work and they fight with each other. It's like I want to I Just Want to Have Fun. I want to learn different things. No, you have to organize yourself and do it, right? This is a fun little sketch. I'll do at some point, but this is these are the glyphs and it's the house of work and health when you get into it the glyphs the Virgin is the is the symbol mutable meaning it is changeable, which is great for for a Sign that doesn't seem to have a fun side.


And it's it can change and organize and schedule and do anything that needs to be done. That's the the beauty about Virgo's Virgo is extremely important because it also rules.


The material world meaning the world. We live in the one we have to interact with is why it's an earth sign.


Even though Mercury's technically an error should be an air sign. It's Earth because it literally has to do with how we mentally process and deal with our real world. So your sixth house Virgo and that side of mercury has to do with that. Now when you're reading mercury in the chart, there is no real deciphering. Is this Mercury Virgo or is this Mercury Gemini? It's just Mercury and it deals with all of this. So you literally take third house and sixth house when you're looking at mercury in a chart and you pull them together.


And that's you just discern it that way but it has it always has to do with the mind.


It has to do with work. If you are a boss it has to do with your employees. Not your coworkers that was third house has to do with your employees and it has to do with your routine your job also chores anything that's daily that you have to do your responsibilities on a very like errand type way.


That is Virgo service to others. The biggest thing for Virgo is in the real world. How are you of service to other people when you physically have to do something for somebody else your sense of Duty?


Talked about the Material World Health Nutrition and fitness now Fitness is is a combination of Mars.


I'll just say I'll use signs Aries Leo and Virgo so somebody who's really into fitness is going to be combining those but it has to do with Fitness in the term of health and strategy to have health and being able to do something on a daily basis. So if you see Virgo here, like if you see Venus in the sixth house, it's somebody who has to watch their diet watch their food live eat a more structured diet so that they live a better life because food will impact their health, which is why nutrition is also a part especially once Venus gets in there doubles, but Health Nutrition and fitness all of that and when you're talking about jobs if somebody is Virgo in the sixth house 10th house, whatever. This is an aspect of what they're doing or could be an aspect.


And then organization and detailed they are meticulous. They can be extremely critical and when Virgo like Virgo Rising especially but Virgo Sun Virgo anything can be extremely self-critical and these people can like break themselves down detail by detail by detail until there's almost nothing left. They've disseminated everything.


And and then they organize it they compartmentalize they say this these are the receptionists. These are the secretaries. These are the schedulers.


When you see this a lot of people who have Virgo and know like Capricorn or Mars or anything like that who are in health like the health filter and medical field they end up being RNs because it is attention to detail organizing the day-to-day thing the actual job when they bring in more authoritarian energies in that's where they become hospital administrator with like Gemini energy or Surgeon, if they have Uranus in there, you know, there's other or and and Jupiter but when it's without that it's more of the lower level Your Daily Grind. These are entry-level employees. Literally your employee that person it works it at that served you when you went out to eat. That was a Virgo somewhere in their chart was Virgo or Taurus but likely Virgo or combination.


Your Gemini mother and you butthead so that makes sense Virgo.


How you out laurianne says how you so how you outwardly present is Leo. It is the first house and Leo.


Is your first house is your actions Leo is your personality. It's the flavor. It's the Flair. It's the drama that you put out there. You're creative expression.


So it's a combination of Aries and Leo.


A lot of things in life are not one planet by themselves by the way or one position by themselves.


Let me close these real quick. A lot of them. They they Co-op.


All right Sue back over here.


Getting into Libra. Oh, yeah, and Virgo is the six twelfth house access the real world versus the spiritual world.


seventh remember we talked about 1/7 as an axis 1 7 is is you versus Partners Venus is the ruler Libra is the glyph is the sign and Partnerships in the seventh house these all go together. So when we go into What Libra is here again? We're back to an air sign. It's a cardinal sign. This is where you start.


Fall I almost said winter. I was like, it's not winter. This is where you start fall or Autumn is the Cardinal sign. It's the first sign for that that time period here.


It's an air sign. This has to do with logic it has to do with the brain. It has to do with communication. So everything you're talking about here. It relies on communication, but it's the Ethereal or not ethereal, but the the eloquent elegant eloquent side of the air symbols. This is why it well I get in the second.


This is the glyph again Venus again. Same thing as mercury whenever you see Taurus you see Libra when you're talking about Venus you just put them together and it could mean anything from those two signs. We could be talking about food or we could be talking about fashion and design so it's not separated when it's the glyph but when it is the sign it is separated.


Relationships in marriage it's the house of partnership. So it makes sense that the main thing most people look at the seventh house is is relationships and marriage. What's unfortunate is the seventh House of all the houses and I make change this once I get through 12, but the seventh house seems to be the one that people only associate to relationships in marriage.


When you know when I was talking about the fifth house here Leo.


This was pleasure when we talked about what Leo is it was romance. So when you talk about love and you're talking about relationships We're talking about the actual Union. We're talking about the actual. How do you interact with the other person the actual relationship?


We are not talking about the actual Romance of it. That's Leo. So a lot of topics are split in between different houses different size different planets, and I think that's important to understand.


I know that's important to understand because once you start reading it you realize that the seventh house is the relationship. The fifth house is Romance the 8th house is intimacy. The third house is communication. You start pulling all this together to create the real essence of the relationship, but the union itself.


Is you know in the seventh house? This is one-on-one. This is the opposite of self. It is U plus other people. That's what the house actually represents you plus.


Others not in a group session, but you versus one it's one-on-one. And ironically it can be I put it this way because I talk about it could be the public. It's not your Public Image.


It is not public speaking it is or can be but if Mercury is there but it is not where you're seeing. It's where you're talking specifically to them stand up comics.


For instance. They are one person speaking to the public as one even in their sets.


They've usually pick somebody out of the crowd because they're not talking to a group of people. Usually they're talking to one one and then when they're telling their jokes, they're telling to all of you at the same time that entity that group of body is one so that is one to one. So whenever we talk about the public we're talking about you versus how you interact with the public as a whole.


As if the public was one person.


Or we can just narrow it down to 101 now. It does have to do with relationships in marriage, but also has to do with partnership and business. I do a lot a lot a lot of business readings and you notice that the symbol is the scales.


It's legal. It actually deals with legalities, which is why when I'm looking at your chart, I'm looking at the axis here.


Where to go do do boom. I'm looking at the axis here of you starting your own business. That's why I'm always looking at the seventh house when I'm doing those readings if you've caught some of my lives or some of my readings has to do with your own business how your business is going to be business Partnerships The Entity itself, which is you and The Business.


Because you are the owner of the business.


It's you plus the business.


On conversely or on another tangent Here style fashion and design so people who do like interior design. They're in the fashion industry. They Design Homes they design anything you could people who are into CAD who are you know designing anything that is Libra energy. It's different than Taurus energy. Taurus is the Arts. It's the tangible Arts. It's the because it's an earth sign. You can actually touch it. This is air sign. This has to do with your using your mind to create that's the design aspect. You're actually writing you're drawing it. You're putting it together. You're moving things around you're using your brain to logically create something of structure.


And that is the design here.


Seventh is not colleagues Julie you said how is the third house colleagues versus the seventh the third house is Coworkers the sixth house is employees. The seventh house is your business meaning the actual business. Not anyone who's in it or Business Partnership meaning?


I own part of the business. They own part of the business.


They're not employees. They're not co-workers. We both have a legal stake in this company.


That's the difference is the legal aspect of it.


Let me clear those out real quick. Boom cool. And I'm glad you guys are asking these questions because it is helping me clarify some in this there's a wealth of information and to fit this in two hours has already been a struggle which is why I'm I'm keeping it moving here.


Let's go into the eighth house here. So now we're talking about Scorpio one of the most misunderstood.


Areas of life signs planets in history every single time someone talks about Pluto like 99.9999% of times. They are missing 99% of what Scorpio actually embodies and I could go on forever Scorpio is so deep and it literally means depths This when you see it the eighth house here, which is ruled by Pluto. And this is the symbol it's all about transformation and so much more even the planet Scorpio and I'll talk about that in a second. But this is the glyph this is another glyph you'll also see Pluto represented this way as the ruler of the underworld. This is what it looks like when astro.com it looks like this but they actually use both of these glyphs. I'm pretty sure they use this one so that this doesn't get confused with some of these other ones in there. So P Pluto whatever it also is power.


Power transformation manifestation the past so that P can help you and also the Phoenix P for Phoenix.


So this house oh my goodness. They miss so much with Scorpio and I love Scorpio energy because it literally rules the occult, which is something I didn't put on here, but I'm gonna dive into that.


It rules the occult. It rules anything. That is Taboo in general anything that is society doesn't understand doesn't accept it's kind of out there and it's like people might think it's weird.


That's Scorpio. So it is ruled by Pluto again. The p is the other one.


It's the Scorpion obviously and this is the the glyph that you'll see for the sign of Scorpio.


Earlier today. I went out and got a burger and I went to Cinco gentlemen or five guys and I got a burger with three patties.


It was enjoying it and I'm thinking about this class and I'm thinking about my hopes and dreams which is Aquarian and what I really want out of this which is transformation. I want to transform astrology in the stigma and kind of put this out there so that It becomes more normalized and less taboo pop culture astrology. Let's get rid of that. Let's teach the good stuff because this is what it's all about.


You being able to live your best life you understanding all this so that you can actually do amazing things with your life and people like how did you do that? And whether you tell them or not it's up to you. But the answer is I use Divine timing. I used what I already had which was energy.


Scorpio is transitioned now while I was out.


On the radio. I truly believe by the way that what I'm doing right now and what you're going to do when you take this some of you astrologers some of you guys who are going to learn other things is I'm planting the seed to Blossom so many amazing spiritual healers out there.


My wife as well a lot of a lot of you guys are going to end up doing the same thing and it's gonna Network and spawn out and I believe this is going to bring us to the age of Aquarius which co-rules astrology and this is why I think this is so important and spirit is always listening.


And while I was eating my burger a song by The Scorpions Scorpio scorpions called Wind of Change. Most of you probably know it. It's an older song most you probably know it came on which has to do with all of this stuff change Evolution, you know processing everything and my wife says the winds it's the Winds of Change when it's Breezy outside and it's like hitting pretty hard. She always says that because that's what we are hoping to do anyway, It is a fixed sign which is interesting because it's a contradiction because it is about change but it's stuck change. It's also about Cycles which I don't have here but is also about Cycles. It's about repeating the same cycles and things that are toxic and you have to be careful because Pluto energy is about upheaval. It's about things that are chaos and Mayhem and it's the underworld and upheaval and things that are so deep down that you've repressed them and you don't deal with them people who are psychologists have Scorpio Eighth House or Pluto placements there the people who like to dig deep and obsess over things Pluto Scorpio Eighth House deep bonds though. That's the positive you can have very deep bonds with somebody who has Pluto it can and also often if you use the energy, right? It can evolve my mother.


and I oops that's not the right one my mother and I you know, you see Jupiter here in Scorpio and then Pluto like I had a very abusive childhood which obviously I'm not going to get into in a class, but that was my upbringing and obviously the people who have gone through abuse tend to understand abuse, they understand pain and they become healers many of them if they elevate But now I have such an amazing deep bond with My adoptive mother conversely Pluto is about endings too and cutting people off. I cut off both my blood sister and my birth mother a very long to actually right around 24 years old. That's when it happened. I I was 24. That's the that's when it happened. I cut them off and said you know it no more.


I'm done, and I'm not gonna get into the story here on my podcast. I'll talk about it.


But you know, this is it was chaos and Mayhem and my mother and I had such a tumultuous relationship my adopted mother and I love her to death, but we just couldn't get it together.


And now we're older and obviously, you know non astrologically speaking Time Heals wounds you grow you evolve you gain wisdom so on and so forth, but and Jupiter does rule wisdom and experience and that did help obviously, but Jupiter's also about expansion. We have an amazing Bond we go and it's also about things that are hidden my mother and I don't talk that much but when we do talk, it's just like You know like we spoke two hours ago. It just it's such an interesting set of energies here.


But it also rules Obsession and manipulation when you're talking about love and doing love readings. You have to be very careful about manipulation Obsession toxic traits toxic Cycles people from the past that you can't let go of that kind of energy. It also rules shared resources, which is right after the seventh House of partnership. The eighth house is both business and and marital shared assets and it's the sign of using other people's stuff. So if you have Pluto in the second house, most of your belongings were either hand me downs or you just kind of take their stuff and you use it as your own Pluto in the third house you tend to take other people's ideas. I have it here take other people's ideas and transform them you take other people's ideas and make them your own other people sayings my wife has this I have this we do it all the time. We quote movie quotes like crazy. We do it all the time. And we the way we deliver it is almost like we invented it, but we know where it came from and we know that the other person knows where it came from, but we make it our own and sometimes with my Gemini energy. Sometimes I'll just emulate it.


But that energy is there joint ventures whenever you want to go into business with somebody it's the assets of that joint venture.


Taxes inheritance again. This is other people's stuff other people's money. This is money that you have to that you owe it's also debt which I need to add in there. It's debt taxes and inheritances regeneration. If you have Pluto in the sixth house for instance your health will regenerate if you have Pluto in the second house, you can regenerate money if it's cyclical. You can also lose that money and then it becomes this vicious cycle. That's why it's very important to understand Pluto because Pluto literally is your inner power. It's your personal power it has to do with intimacy and love it has to do with Secrets aspects of you that you keep hidden and you don't show the world.


For very very deep reasons.


Rebirth and change. This is all about the cycle bringing the past in.


Cycling it through and becoming someone else if you do not become someone else it repeats the cycle and it becomes very vicious. A lot of people blame Pluto in whatever house for whatever ailment Pluto in the second house. I'll never make money because Pluto is there in Pluto sucks is the underworld chaos and Mayhem and turmoil. It is naturally, but if you take it and you use it Pluto is power.


How do you think we got to where we are here at Mystic Rebels. We we use Pluto Pluto is so vitally important, but I will get into that through YouTube videos and whatnot.


Change on a slow level change on a take everything from the inside and really transform and become something that's more transformation than change. I might have to reword that.


So that is Scorpio here remember joint stuff your stuff?


All right, so ninth house.


Sure, you're talking about hypnosis hypnosis definitely uses a combination of Neptune Pisces energy and Scorpio energy once it's slower.


It can it can become that but it has to do a transformation and change.


Why do people say the Scorpio is ruled by Mars? Ah amazing question. I thought about it earlier and totally forgot this to speak on this when you're talking about people who do what's called traditional astrology. They are using all of the planets as rulers up through Saturn before the other three planets were discovered Uranus Neptune in Pluto are fairly new.


And the interesting thing with Pluto, let me go back since that's what we're talking about. The interesting thing with Pluto here is Pluto is demoted to a dwarf planet.


Then it was a planet again that it was not a planet then they weren't sure if it was in the solar system then it because they couldn't find it for a minute. Then it came back and then they demoted it back down. And now I think it's still a divorce Planet. They keep changing it right Scorpio change transformation. The reason that it's a dwarf planet is because unlike every other planet it exists with all the space dust and debris around it instead of absorbing it into the planet and becoming larger.


Well what Scorpio rule?


shared assets Where is it right there shared resources. It doesn't absorb it in. It just lives among it and it's there everything that has happened with the planet Pluto literally embodies Scorpio energy, and I find that extremely fascinating.


But a lot of astrologers say Mars because before we discovered Pluto, the ruler was Mars Mars co-ruled Aries and co-ruled Scorpio now.


I have huge issue with that and it's going to be the same thing with the last three planets. It's going to be or not three plants three signs. It's going to be Scorpio. It's going to be Aquarius and then Pisces they all have different co-rulers Scorpio was Mars. Now the problem that I have this isn't helping. Let me go back over here. The problem that I have with Mars ruling Scorpio is that Scorpio's themes all have to do with things that are extremely deep inside they have to do with change they have to do with transformation. And yes, it's Pluto does rule rage, right so I can see why people think that Mars rules it because the in our minds the excess the most excessive extreme of Mars would be rage but rage is not excessive anger rage is a display of inner turmoil that comes about often in a way that you don't know where it came from.


It just comes out of nowhere. It is explosive. It is Carnage and that is Pluto.


But it's not outward. It's not obvious. It's not like oh, they're getting angry. It's like where the did that come from and it's just is out on display.


It doesn't match. It doesn't match the physical body. Scorpio is extremely internalized.


It is sharing other people's stuff and Mars is all about me. Selfish extremely about me self-centered egotistical in in a very different way than Leo just just selfish right? It's not about Pride. It's just about no, it's mine mine mine mine. All me Scorpio is about this is ours and there's an element of this is ours, but I'm gonna take this because it's ours I can take it whenever I want but that's the opposite and that's why I have a problem with Mars is the rule. I do not use traditional. I do use modern rulership.


I don't believe that there are two planets that rule one sign because I for the reasons I just explained the other planet doesn't make any sense. And this is also it's a great question because it's a great question because it's important to understand that we do not age a Pisces era of Pisces now phase of cancer and and that'll be in a you in more YouTube videos that I'll talk about this the ages and how we calculate that and everything but We do not understand much and that's what Pisces is all about. We don't know that much in in the grand scheme of things. We're we're lost. We're in a haze. We're trying to figure it out.


We have to have these spiritual beliefs spiritual beliefs are great, but we kind of need to believe that something because we don't know everything.


and Once you take all of this knowledge and you move it forward and you're able to find new things there will be discoveries in technique in you know, astronomers are gonna find planets astrologers are going to convert them into how they seem to affect as they trans it by we don't know everything no textbook knows everything.


I don't know everything. I'm teaching what I do know over many years of Obsessed Obsession literally.


obsessing on a very personal level my IC which might be a next class about You know things that are extremely personal to me at home, which is where I did most of this and it's taboo stuff which astrology is a part of the occult as what I did.


And that's this is also because it spills into Libra's energy.


This is why I found people in public and just kept trying kept trying.


And kept doing it and working working over and over and kept transforming how I believed how I thought how I learned. This is why I learned the way I learned.


But we'll get into that in another time.


Sagittarius here Pluto is absolutely power. You can see it as power struggles with people as well.


Taylor that was Taylor's question if someone has a lot of Scorpio would you say there a OCD? No, that is more Virgo.


Scorpio is more private about everything's Virgo because they need structure and organization need everything to be where it needs to be. That's Virgo.


It's very Mercurial energy here.


Answered that one I heard Pluto is where you try to claim your power and can maybe relate to power dynamics. Yep.


Pluto is all about power and again when I tell when I have clients, I always go to Pluto Chiron in the moon. Those are the three main things and we'll talk about those separately in future classes those three once we get into the actual what you can do with them. You can change your entire existence and literally like become a different person living a different life by honing in on that.


Sagittarius is all about Higher Learning.


It's the ruler of the ninth House Ninth house ruled by Jupiter which rules Sagittarius Higher Learning philosophy travel distance. This is all Sagittarius Jupiter, which everybody thinks is an amazing planet and for the most part it is because Jupiter also rules luck, which I don't think I put on here but it does I didn't remember I did this a couple minutes before I started. So I was putting all this together real quick Sagittarius is the Archer. This is the symbol for Sagittarius. This is Jupiter which rules it and you'll see this which looks kind of like a number four four by the way is a lucky number. It's how I remember that it is a mutable sign meaning changeable fire passion shortbirts bursts of energy a lot of sagittarians get second wins very easily.


It's all about Higher Learning this includes College if you're going to trade school, if you're trying to learn something that requires more than just the basics. Remember the basics being the third ninth axis. The basics is all Gemini. This is the facts. This is the philosophy and application.


of knowledge there goes It is also beliefs so politics which I didn't put on your other politics your opinions religion as in terms of the actual philosophy of religions not the church. The church is ruled by Capricorn and Saturn as a structure. The belief system within religion is ruled by Sagittarius. It's all your opinions. We had a huge thing going on.


That's not right. There we go. We had a huge thing going on during the phase of Gemini, which we just left. It was 2008 to roughly 2022 and to 2020.


We're like on the cusp. We're really in cancer now, but The bipolarity of Gemini over the last 10 to 15 ish years bringing in the opposite axis of politics and opinion. It literally was fact versus opinion and people justifying their opinions thinking they're factually accurate. This was the last this was a rough time for everybody in this brought in a lot of problems in terms of the phase.


we're now in cancer the phase of cancer which is healing now when I talk about age-era phase these are breakdowns of very large or very long-lasting over 2,000 year, you know time periods the once they break down and then break down again into each sign you're talking about 10 to 15 years in each sign for the phases depending on the constellation and then the eras are one cycle is one sign so Ages work backwards the other two work forward. I'll do that in a different thing. The age of Aquarius is next but the errors and phases move forward around counterclockwise around the chart.


When I get into Sagittarian energy.


Pluto Chiron and the moon are the three major ones. We're not there yet. But I just wanted to point out that those three are going to be vital for self-transformation.


Journeys travel long distance travel if you're moving and you're moving like in within the same city or the next town over that's Gemini energy.


If you're moving state to state country to country that is Sagittarius and it also has to do with culture. So whenever we're talking about which goes in with philosophy and beliefs and religion is culture.


It all has to do with anything of the philosophical mind the what if anything that's what if anything that's really hard to prove. Gemini is provable. Sagittarius is very difficult to prove.


Journeys travel. Yeah, so whenever you take a plane ride you're looking at Jupiter. So you want to make sure Jupiter's favorable Sagittarius and/or your ninth house again, your ninth house rules higher education, like colleges and universities. Although private universities are actually the 11th house, but we'll get to that later.


Your meaning this is what's my life purpose? What am I supposed to be here?


For now? We're talking about life purpose not in a spiritual way a soul away because that's the North Node not in a career way because that's the mid heaven, but we're talking about like, where's my place in the world?


Is this more about the you know you where you are in the world as opposed to like life purpose meaning? What am I supposed to do? Where am I supposed to be? How do I fit in with everything the what ifs the howls that's all Sagittarius? So that has to do with all kinds of philosophy anything anytime you test something anything. It's like theoretical.


That's all Sagittarius. This is like Play-Doh Socrates Aristotle. It's that kind of energy there.


But it also Co rules law. It's not law as in legal matters. It's law as in the actual.


The actual like Philosophy of Law meaning I study law I practice law. I may lawyer me going and having a legal case is Libra me practicing law is Sagittarius.


So you see how it can be confusing sometimes because you're talking in in the day-to-day context. We're just it's law but it's not legal matters are different sign than the philosophy the the beliefs the system of belief of Law and how it plays out because law is made off of what the the people who wrote it but usually the collective or whoever was involved believed in that's why laws change that's why some laws are Antiquated because those things change our beliefs change and that's why the actual term of law is on that morals in terms of ethics.


The second house also rules morals, but it's more like manners this is because it has to do with Elegance. This has to do with like your philosophical morals.


You know holding the door. I mean that could go both ways. Why are you holding the door open for somebody that's Sagittarius just doing it is the value is what you were taught to do, which is a little bit Capricorn but it's the value of it holding the door because it is nice that is the Venus side of it. And like I said ethics when you're talking about integrity when you're talking about For instance when people buy something from me and I cannot deliver.


Do I refund them? I do absolutely because I can't I have extremely extremely strong ethics and this is not shadiness the way when I was young. I used to lie a lot and then I got closer to like my late teens and this Gemini energy with Pluto this harmonious flow here in this Trine which again we'll talk about in another class.


I didn't want to do that anymore. I couldn't keep up with the lies basically with this Uranus here. I lied all the time.


And then I realized with it on my IC opposing my midheaven of value with value here.


I don't want to lie anymore. I I I'm afraid of getting caught with Chiron here. There's an insecurity within my own lying. I am honest because the energies have made me honest, but when I was younger, I didn't feel that way. I felt like I needed to lie I needed to because I didn't I was afraid of punishment.


you see and there's an in conjunction here, which means it took me a minute to figure that out.


But that's how that plays out.


So for Libra Rising do we possibly run into the potential of seeing our opinions as facts? Yes.


Absolutely, because your third and Ninth house are flipped when we start getting into different charts.


A lot of that's on my YouTube channel that I'm gonna start talking about Libra risings are an interesting because they're literally a mirror of everything that should be they as a leap of rising. They need relationships identify. They feel natural in a relationship. But the irony is when they're in them because areas in the seventh house they argue they alienate their partner to do things. They're very selfish within their relationship and it's something they usually have to learn every chart every rising sign has something but that's one thing that I've noticed with labor risings there. Everything is flipped and it does make things a bit more difficult. Libra risings have Scorpio in the second house and obviously where Pluto is matters, but that means Naturally Speaking. They don't own their own stuff. It's always somebody else's stuff or it's a hand-me-down or it's just shared with somebody Libra risings are like the type to share like makeup or share their hair brush with their mother.


again, depending on where all the planets are sitting We're going to move into Capricorn here. The Capricorn energy is what most people strongly dislike.


They always hate this they always look forward toward to it when they're talking about career and you know what they're gonna end up doing, you know for a job and whatnot. But they tend to have a very difficult time with actual Saturn energy as it rules the tenth house with here because it does have to do with your reputation, but it is the It's the goat. It is the goat. The greatest of all time is literally it. It's the one that's striving for the best.


This is the energy or I'm sorry, the glyph for Capricorns ruled by Saturn people don't like Saturn why because Saturn return has such a bad rep because if you fight Saturn Saturn's the daddy energy Saturn's all about Saturn is Father Time. Literally Father Time wherever Saturn sits in your chart that is going to happen for you later in life. You being able to master that area of life is going to happen later on Saturn causes delays and restrictions, which I don't have down here by this important to know.


It's Cardinal sign starts winter Capricorn is cold. That's why it's the beginning of winter it is.


It once the best for you, it's all about rounding out everything so that you can start anew because that's gonna lead us into spring again.


It's starting that process for you and it's an earth sign. What I say is what I say. What I want is what I want not in a Mars way not in an Aries way, but in a I know it's best for you. I'm the authority you're gonna do it now, obviously when it's poorly Afflicted it causes problems, but when it's positively when it positively resonates, it is great for career. It's great for having Authority with with Saturn in the third house. I actually have it here.


With Saturn or Capricorn in the third house, you have to ignore the other two planets because they add flavor to it.


But this brings in the sense of authority within the theme so when it comes to my businesses, I'm the boss. I am I do not let other people run my business. I do not do equal Partnerships. Even if it's legally equal our what do you call them?


Operating agreement always says that I have final say it's just the way that it is. It's the way I have to have it and I also have my moon over here and all this is all this kind of goes together and whatnot. But I also have the authority in my communication when I get to a certain point where I've said what I've said, I do not like to repeat myself and I won't repeat myself. I put my foot down and it's Authority and I will only do that if I feel that it's needed to be for compassion reasons.


Which is this energy here and this energy here, which is part of my kite. If I let go of my ego for a minute and have some empathy that's part of what all these aspect patterns mean, but people who don't have that might not go to that Neptune when I was younger. I ignored this Neptune in order to access your kite. I had to or my kite I had to use Neptune again.


This is a bit more advanced but it's important to understand wherever Saturn is in your chart. That's where you think you have authority that's where you act as though your authoritarian this here also day to day. I always ended up being a manager even if I wasn't paid for it. That was the problem is that I always wasn't paid for it. But I ended up being the manager of the boss all the time. I was hiring manager. I was you know, hired as a host at a restaurant and I ended up the like doing everything. It's the assistant manager. I work for Radio Shack at 17 and they made me the store manager didn't pay me for it. That's all this.


That's the in conjunction with that ruler here, not understanding my own value and getting paid that stuff. I had to learn in the future.


But let me go back. We're talking about career and Public Image. If you have mercury in the 10th house, you're a public speaker. This is natural for you. It's what you want to do. You also think about your career and talk about your career a lot Public Image and reputation. It's your father. It's anybody who has a father or authoritarian figures now with the fourth and 12th axis. What's interesting is it can be flipped? Sometimes if your father was gone or even if your father was there and your mother was the authority there's a mix she still the mother. She's still the fourth house your father's technically still the 10th house.


but the way most of it waited out plays is that the mother ends up being the 10th house in the father ends up being the fourth house and I've seen that in a few charts and it's it's all about experience and and perspective the big thing about astrology when I was talking about it being not black and white is this has to do not with what it is, but how you see it and how it seems to affect you and it is how you affect you but it's up to you how you actually see it.


It's it's it brings in that philosophy which is why Jupiter Co rules astrology. You have to change your beliefs in order to use astrology effectively. If you don't believe if you believe that astrology tells you what is the way it's always gonna be that's the way it's gonna be because you're not using it. You're not transmuting the energy But we can because you believe it because you can because you've seen it and done it.


Large organizations and government. I'm Amazon is tenth house Capricorn energy the little guy who owns or girl wife. Whoever owns the Mom Pop shop on the corner. That's the 11th house. That's that's small organizations. The big ones are Capricorn the one with authority the one with this a different sense of powers. It's not Pluto power internal power.


This is authoritarian presence and Power.


It has to do with your long-term goals, not your hopes and dreams but your actual.


Not the strategy how you're going to get there, but the goals the Milestones that you're setting for yourself that is Capricorn energy because it takes time to get to them. Remember Saturn has to do with time delays restrictions.


And it also has to do with Focus.


And then tradition and structure the church because it is a structure the church is the religious side when we're talking about religion. The church is Capricorn not Jupiter.


The actual belief is Jupiter also has to do a structures like actual physical buildings as well.


mc-9 test plus this Mid heaven, I'm not gonna be able to get to angles. I'm gonna start my next class with the angles. This is my first class ever guys. So the timing I was like not sure.


How much I can get in but we're doing well. I'm just not gonna get to angles. I'm going to do that in the next class. So but I will answer this mid-heaven usually in the 10th or can it be in the ninth if you use placidus house system. It's always the 10th house cusp.


but in in whole science, it could be in the ninth tenth or 11th house and that just means whether or not there's an aspect of authority. There's more of a belief system and you doing the things that you feel you want to do or you work with teams and you kind of do like you chase more of your hopes and dreams and philanthropy and things of that nature.


Thank you Kathy. I appreciate the the compliment there.


So this is like I said Capricorn the goat again Saturn tenth house goat greatest of all time. It's the achievement the reputation people who have stuff in the tenth house Venus in the tenth house for me is I have to have a public image of respect. I have to have a public image of having luxury.


I have to have a public image of this Chiron comes in and says people don't believe me which is why I've done a few tiktok videos and I'm like, they're like, you're not a millionaire. You're not a billionaire. I'm like, look, I'm not gonna tell you my financials here. But here's what I drive. Here's the house. I live in there's still like, you know, it just is what it is. Now. I use this to heal the public I use this as a healing my reputation is of a Healer now, I've used this in the way. I followed my life purpose to get to this point but things in the 10th house always have to do with career reputation and they do affect your rep.


And how your reputation plays out again relocation astrology, which is going to be a different course is going to move your mid or could move your mid having your tenth house in all those planets somewhere else because your sentient moves and it literally turns the wheel for you and then it's a new layer which can be good or bad depending on where it is, which is why it's good to get a good reading and not just someone who looks at the map.


As we move on to the 11th. Oh is Aquarius ruled by Saturn or is it ruled by Uranus?


Make it make sense?


This is a good question. I'm moving into Aquarius now.


Remember tenth house is all about home and work balance on that access. So cancer is all about home. This is about outward.


This is also what people see what you put physically out for people to see is Capricorn energy. Now Capricorn is ruled by the 10th house.


Aquarius is ruled definitively by Uranus in the 11th house now traditional astrologers believe it is Saturn here is my problem.


Once we get into Uranus which rules friendships and whatnot. One thing that I don't have on here that's important to understand about Aquarius.


Is that Saturn is all about tradition and structure and things that are old and things that have been around for a long time and how we carry that on and how it stays in place and it doesn't change ironically as Aquarius as a fixed sign. It's all about destroying and breaking down those structures. It's the one that comes right after and it says these are the structures that are outmoded that don't work anymore. And it says this is what we're going to do is we're going to take them down and we're going to move them forward.


Now that alone doesn't necessarily separate because you could say oh that's just a different side of Saturn right? That doesn't by itself say that Aquarius could not be ruled by Saturn but it's a very different energy because it's literally about change ironically because it's a fixed sign. It's about change within the same system.


and I think that's That's important to understand that often when you have Aquarius it's with it's an erratic energy within a system. So it does have that kind of saturnian energy because it comes right afterwards, but it's all about independence. It's about the lone wolf and freedom and Detachment a structure needs.


It's Foundation needs everything in place to work whereas Aquarius says.


I don't want that. It's literally the opposite it says I'm going to go wherever I want and I don't care about your system.


I don't care about your structure. By the way Capricorn is also systems. I don't care about that which is why Mercury and retrograde and Capricorn was making it very difficult to put all this together. Y'all don't know this but I have some serious issues getting this all together and I'm glad it came in place. But I knew that from the astrology that it would all fall oops that it would all fall together come together, but for a second I was like am I wrong I got to make sure but but Aquarius is all about hopes and dreams. It's about Freedom Independence not in a Mars way not in areas way where you're doing what you want, you know to to drive forward and be pioneering but it's revolutionary. It takes systems and changes them and make some new perfect example, one of the main things of my life for every career. I have ever done every single business I have and you guys know some of you know that we have so many things that we do.


I always take something that exists.


And I create I change it and I create something better from it. But I'm not the guy coming up at the brand new thing. I would need I would need other placements in it to sit other ways. I take other my My my moon is in Aquarius. All of this energy is in the 11th house which rules aquarius so that energy is all put together and then mercury in the sign of Aquarius is opposite Uranus. So this is literally opposing and balancing and this has to do with Pulling it all together which is trying Pluto, which is other people's stuff, right? So that's the way that it plays out is a combination of Pluto and Aquarius as opposed to just Aquarius itself because Aquarius can be revolutionary. It can be something brand new in my chart. It's taking somebody else's thing making it mine and then changing it and making it new that's how my energy plays out.


Right? But Aquarius itself has to do with removing a structure and moving forward. It's all about the future Saturn is all about the past and the things that have worked Aquarius is all about the future the age of Aquarius. It's all about the future. It's all about technology which is another thing technology and electricity things that are electric based have a query and tendencies people who are erratic and kind of do this quirks things that are unique all Aquarian all Uranus energy here that we see here.


Aquarius by the way is the water Bearer and that Detachment is very interesting because aquarians are as a fixed air sign or actually emotionally intelligent.


And they and that's why the sign is is literally the waves of the water aquarians of wherever your Aquarius is that you take that emotional.


Aspect and you're detached from it. The problem is that if you do not deal with the emotional side of it or the intuitive side of it you end up being detached and realized and not realizing you have that Talent there. But also if it's like a lunar Aquarian like me or anyone else who has, you know moon in the 11th house or anything like that. If you stay detached with your emotions, they'll bottle up that this I want to say bottle but it that's like a pot or something. Whatever this is is container. It's only so big it can only hold so much water before it overflows like this.


So it comes with intuition it comes with the future. It's the bridge between Saturn and Neptune which is why you're in a sits Uranus being eccentric and different and unique is the only planet in the solar system to rotate the opposite direction and sit sideways on its axis. It is unique.


It's the only one that does that and it's Rings go up and down.


It has rings like Saturn. It's like the new Saturn is the way that I see it. It takes Center just turns its side. It's very similar to it deals with a lot of the same things instead of big organizations.


It deals with small organizations again, your mom Pop Shop anything that's small here teams friends networking when you're talking about I need to bring this person in this person in and kind of do this kind of thing. It's a combination between Gemini and Aquarius energy.


The Gemini energy that the Mercury Mercurial energy of the communication that's needed and then Aquarius it ruling.


Technology and electricity is why it rules the internet not the media on the internet, but the internet itself social media because that is how we Network.


It's the actual networking when you say something on social media It's a combination of Uranus and Gemini, but when you are just talking about social media as a as an entity, it is Uranian. It is Aquarian ruled has to do with Society humanitarium humanitarianism hopes dreams. Nonprofits are a part of this as well.


I seem to know more aquarians than any other sign and they question everything. Yes.


Aquarius is all about questioning it.


Like I said, it's it the questioning everything comes down to feeling things are outmoded or outdated. This is all about moving forward. This is all about saying the medical system doesn't work. We need a new medical system.


That's Aquarian. The government doesn't work.


We need to break it down and we need to start fresh. That's Aquarian people with heavy Aquarian are the revolutionaries. They're the ones with the picket signs. They're the ones back in the 60s and 70s that would you know, Fight avidly for humanitarian goals because that they're the philanthropists. They're the ones who want betterment for Humanity Humanity as a whole and Society. This has to do with large groups of people when you go out in society your 11th house.


Has to do with how you deal when you're out in public not public as like you versus the public at large, but you within groups of people you walking through Walmart and all those people being around you that's 11th house.


You coming up to the cashier and there's five people in line. It's Aquarius. It's Aquarius Uranus.


It's how you deal with it. A lot of people use this energy and it's getting get off get out. And that's how it plays out. It's a Detachment, especially if you have this sitting naturally you get in there you act independent you go there for what you're there for and you leave if you have you know mercury in here like I do actually Mercury and Gemini in the 11th house you go and you you make a good time.


You talk to people about their day. You're like hey, that's a really cool outfit that you got on, you know, you talk to people you make comments about them, especially since this opposite Uranus.


I pick and choose who I do that with.


But that type of energy is how it kind of it changes and let's get into. Oh, yeah, and then like it's it's also outward goals of like creative expression as well. It's the opposite of internal expression. It's outward what I want. It's hope dreams and wishes. This is all the the pipe dreams out there the things almost Almost idealistic, but that actually gets into the 12th house, but it is you know.


What you want that is going to better be better for the group better for the team better for everybody.


and then 12th house Pisces. It is ruled by Neptune. This is the glyph and it's all about the subconscious and the spiritual realm. It is literally the antithesis of the sixth house, which is the material world. This is Letting Go some people since we're talking about spiritual practice get too involved in their Pisces energy and they become too spiritual and you see these people all the time where they're talking about where all the sending to 5D and I'm taking all these herbal medicines and I've done this and you know, we're all aliens which also aliens is also in a A uranium thing Aquarius rules aliens, but it kind of rules this whole like we're not supposed to be living in our body The Human Experience is so yesterday. We're supposed to be astral traveling and do it. That's that's somebody who's gone too far. That's somebody who has left the balance of these sixth and 12th houses here and they're over here and they're running away. It's literally the house of escapism is the 12th house.


They're running away from all of their work their problems their day-to-day life their their sense of Duty the responsibilities anything that ties them to the physical material world. They're over here.


There's a balance that need that needs to be struck and a lot of people myself.


Are two invested in the sixth house in Virgo in Mercury energy where they can't they don't connect to their subconscious. They don't connect to their to God. They don't connect to the idea of any sort of spirituality. And when you look at like I said my house for instance, we're not talking about the nodes in this class. But the South node is like your comfort zone. You're North notice what you're supposed to attain mines in the sixth house. What I'm supposed to gather is in the in the 12th house here and for most of my life, it was work work work work. I talk a lot about the film production company that I started in California that I started when I was homeless and it was no nose to the Grind pedal to the metal. That's I manifested that it was everything was there.


And I I didn't sleep I didn't eat I didn't do anything. I was just so connected to this. No sleep.


No taking care of myself. No compassion. Just do do 22 hours a day was the average sometimes 24 hours a day sometimes 20 but 22 is the average no sleep just doing it and I'm not the only person who's like that.


These are called Workaholics Workaholics tend not to have a spiritual side. They tend to neglect it and people who are into science and practical application of the sixth house deny the twelfth house. So a lot of scientists A lot of people of service even people in the medical industry. They want to know the real thing. They're they're not into holistic, which is holistic is all so because it's good for Humanity is is 11th and Aquarian and uranium, but Things that are compassionate things that are like more spiritual when someone has a sickness and you have heavy Virgo placements but no 12th or Pisces placements. You're gonna go into big Pharma you're gonna go into how you can treat that person physically as opposed to realizing sometimes the person just needs to get away and remove themselves from stress.


Sometimes they need a spiritual practice and meditate that's all 12 that cure so much is by lowering your stress, but people with heavy six house placements Virgo.


They have a hard time accepting that.


Pisces glyph looks like this. It is the fishies. It is a mutable Duality just like Gemini Gemini Pisces. It's ironic. They Square each other because they're both mutable and they're both do they both have a duality to them? This is the symbol for Neptune which rules it. It's all about water.


It's all about like Atlantis and that kind of theme there. It's all about your intuition. Not as like a mother's Intuition or like gut feeling but more like intuition messages that come through spirit and you don't know where they came from. But you have this Divine connection that you just kind of, you know what to do. It's not because you thought about it's just because it came in people who have like mercury in Pisces mercury in 12th house.


They tend to be able to channel.


messages from outside themselves they tend to be able to sit there and write and It just flows through them and honestly just using my own chart again my Mercury it does that too in a different way? My Mercury is here opposing Uranus and then Neptune is right here and then Neptune is sex tile the ruler of my 12th house. So when I used to sit and write scripts, I used to write them very fast. That's the Uranian energy it took me.


Two days to write the first full-length movie script that we got all that funding for and then my wife tore it down for five days. And then I rewrote it in five days.


So you're talking about 12 total days to write a full feature length script and it just does this I see it in my head and I just write it and it's just channeling through that's Pisces energy.


Pisces rules intangible creativity intangible creativity has to do with the types of creative talents that come through you that you can't touch music dance anything that's inspiring that kind of connects you on a very soul level of even though painting painting is like a combination.


Of especially watercolor combination of Pisces and Venus energy Neptune Venus Pisces tars energy here.


We pretty much all know that Neptune rules spirituality when it's in tandem with.


When it's in tandem with Jupiter, it tends to make a religious person. So it's their beliefs with spirituality and they're more of the Christ Consciousness and they kind of go that route with it. So when you see somebody who has that connection, usually there's an element of religion like hardcore religion in there.


Especially if it then ties in with Saturn in some way.


The fishies are also chameleons. They tend to be able to blend in with everything because they dissolve The Human Experience. So they just kind of become anyone who has Pisces in the seventh house Neptune in the seventh house Venus or Libra in the 12th house. You can easily get lost because Neptune is all about the haze the fog the loss the unknown you can get lost in your relationships. Meaning you really detach from yourself in a way that is unintentional and you become your partner. You become fused with your partner. You basically are subsumed into your relationship.


Let's see Drake dreams when you have dreams, that's all how you dream how it's connected is all your 12th house and 12th house ruler.


Escapism alcoholism substance abuse is a combination of actually Scorpio and Neptune but alcoholism in terms of why you're doing it escaping and water itself. So like if you see Neptune, I've told a few people when you've seen Neptune in your fourth house or near your IC or maybe Neptune cancer. You need to live near water. You need to have water either a lake a stream a pond the ocean a golf or a water feature in your home is extremely important for you.


Undoing behind the scenes where your 12th house is is what is not in the Forefront of your life. It all operates behind the scenes and when we're talking about career, it's literally the person who works on the career who makes everything work, but nobody knows that they did it they work nobody sees them and that's where they shine they get everything done in the everything works. But because they're not there.


Nobody sees then it's like magic which Neptune rules magic as well because Neptune rules illusion.


anything that's medical intangibly so viruses which is why the lockdowns and everything happened has to do with the fact that we were moved into the age of here's a fun fact, by the way, the Civil War for the United States was the exact moment cyclically speaking as the lockdowns the difference was that the age of Pisces for the Civil War was the age of Pisces era of Aquarius phase of Gemini going into the phase of cancer. When all that happened in our timeline. It was Pisces Pisces Gemini cancer.


The difference was the era. So instead of it being about states rights and which are the entities humanitarianism the the theme of slavery the community and everything being out in society literally two teams against each other with Gemini.


It became no one knows what's really happening Pisces energy. Nobody knows where it started. Nobody knows where it came from. Nobody knows what it really is. Every single news article is something different. Here's what it is. Here's what it does here. The dangers. Here's this no one knew for sure what it was. It's also medical. It was a virus illness and the illusion of illness and then bring in the current current things of authority and power and control and then isolation. This is literally quarantining. This was literally six feet and all that. That was this because it was Pisces. A lot of people don't realize that's literally the Civil War cycled over but now it's this and it became a civil war. It's a different Civil War it was based off of this.


Our country the world is in a divide and now we're in cancer healing this is the Reconstruction Era but with Pisces themes.


Right after the Civil War post Civil War that's where we're in now. This is why a lot of people are getting into spiritual healing. This is why people are trying to find their tribe. This is why we're all trying to piece everything together. We're moving forward. This is because it's cyclical.


This is us moving forward in that nature. So that's Pisces energy here again 12th house energy, there's more to Pisces, but it has a lot to and again, it's our connection to God. It's literally our connection to Spirit as well.


12th house. Yes, it's mental illness. So Danny asking about the 12th house in Psych hospitals. It does rule institutions, which is part of this isolation. So like psych wards anything that has isolation jails. It also rules jail.


In the reason why you can't be with somebody usually when you're looking in a chart and you see Neptune attached to like the sun or Capricorn or in the fourth house. It's there was something about that person that wasn't there either they weren't there or they were an alcoholic or they escaped a lot or there. It could have been that there was a divorce involved and it could have been that they were creative and musical too. But it's usually a multiple things within the same theme within the same sign that we see there.


So it does rule mental illness as well. So it it literally opposes.


You're opposing Mercury and you're basically saying the dissolution of mentality is how you get mental illness out of the 12th house and it has to do with the subconscious everything ends up going into a place that you can't access anymore. That's the mental illness. It's not that you're it's I mean, that's the way that it functions spiritually speaking. It's that you cannot access your mind.


And you have to be careful with this energy because it also has to do with memory loss and things like that.


What in your chart showed you you were inclined to do astrology?


all right, so in my chart I've always been into it. It's sitting right here, like passion having a Passion creative that has to do with this and then with we're gonna get into orbs of influence in another class, but with it being at one degree and 50 minutes, it's orb of influence. If you I'm doing imaginary circle of how many degrees it has you can see that my cursor is pulling into the next house which means it's pulling uranium Sagittarian energy into the fourth house here.


Which means it's also pulling uranium energy into the fourth house of Scorpio. So you have to read that as well, but it's pulling Sagittarius energy into the fourth house through Uranus.


This is where it gets complicated. This is where towards the end of the course. You're going to learn how to read all that and see how that is, but Sagittarius like I said co-rules.


Astrology, here's the spirituality aspect and here is the Aquarian aspect this right here is the astrology. I am also it's in the fifth house and I'm a Leo Rising. Also the spiritual part is opposite my chart ruler the ruler of Leo. So the ruler of your first house by the way is called Your Chart ruler. It is the most significant Planet because it has to do with your body your physical actions how you approach the world because it's Mars ruled, but for me, it's the Sun.


And that only applies to Leo everyone else has whatever their ruler is.


Whatever this ruler is. So if you have Gemini in the first house Mercury is your chart ruler if you have cancer in the first house, it's the moon so on and so forth Scorpio, it's Pluto. That's how that works.


But this is what it is and really what it came down to is acceptance. It came down to my North Node in the 12th house and accepting this energy and balancing out the Neptune not using Neptune as escapism by avoiding the ego and avoiding my passions and and becoming so unhappy that I became an alcoholic which has happened a few times in my life. Although it's not a through line. I was a light Bloomer when it comes to my drinking career at almost 22 because everybody I knew was like 10 years earlier than that or you know, something like that.


And I quit drinking when I was.


I was 33. So I only drank for 11 total years and I didn't drink the whole time. I took years off because it was a balance. I just kept going back and forth with you know, when I was happy. I didn't drink when I was like not sure and I was like with the wrong friends I drank and then when I was happy again and had my nose to the Grind I was doing everything I needed to do I didn't drink and then there it became a point where I realized that this was taking over and it became because of Sagittarius is Jupiter old it became obsessive and it became like way too much Jupiter's rulers over here in the fourth house again, we're gonna teach you how to connect all the dots later understanding the basic energies is what is important.


Okay, I answered that I am that's what I'm gonna stop for this course. I'm going to do Q&amp;A because I'm over my two hours. I know what I'm gonna start with on the next one. We're gonna talk more about the luminaries the four angles. We're gonna get into the North and South node talk more about rulerships and deccans in the second class and orbs of influence. That's gonna be the major thing. This is a step-by-step course so that you're gonna take everything here. You're going to implement it. Obviously, I'll also be going back during the second class to revisit topics of the first class so that I can bring those forward so they all make sense.


How do natural house rulers play out in non areas Rising that's good. So Natural rulers are there for informative reasons only meaning they're connected. But if I'm a Leo Rising, which I am.


Aries does not rule my first house in any any shape fashion or form areas has nothing to do with my first house.


However, Aries properties rule the same thing as the first house. They're just they don't include my ascendant. So when I go to Aries, I go to all those things that we talked about being Aries related sense of self Independence body physical appearance, you know action the things that I do naturally here. I have a double dose of it because Aries sits up in the ninth house. So this is why I'm a teacher but also my ascendant sits in again. We're not talking about it yet, but in the Jupiter deck in Of Leo and I do want to point out that it's Deccan and not Deacon. I've heard a lot of people say Deacon and I'm not sure why it is definitely Decon as in Deca as in 10, it is every 10 degrees is a Decon. So if you've heard it the other way, it's not right Deca meaning ten decagon 10 sides.


Whatever decathlon, you know ten events.


But this is all about this so.


The first house is not ruled by Aries, but it is it's natural ruler meaning.


When someone is an Aries Rising everything seems to line up their first house and their house itself. What they do is just very straightforward their second house. Then becomes Taurus their sense of value is just normal, they value things of value. They value food. They value things that are luxurious they like it's just very straightforward and then the planets and the ruler ships then create the uniqueness within each chart. But in Aries Rising, has it very straightforward in this lifetime and then the Libra Rising has it flipped.


So everything you think it's the other way around and then you add in the ruler ships from there.


Please put together a PDF. I would like a copy to study I will take.


This stuff here and I have it in order. So I literally just pull a PDF and put it up on learnworlds.


And then eventually this will all be on our Mystic Rebels platform. So if you're if you're watching this and you're on learn worlds, we will be moving it to Mystic rebels in the next few months. Once that's up and running and ready learn worlds. I'm doing this separately from there because they had a bunch of issues logging in some of you know what I'm talking about. So I apologize for having to send like multiple emails each time with the different link. I'm glad you guys all made it and you're all here.


But I will get that together.


Let's see Danny. What about somebody who has a lot of 12th house placements. I feel like it's so misunderstood. I don't understand if it's good or bad.


If you have placements and then house, let me say I don't believe there's a such thing as a bad chart.


I don't think it matters where your energy is. And this is why I think I don't believe in planetary dignities again. A planetary dignity is talking about if Mars is in the first house or I'm sorry. If it's an Aries that it's that it is that it is home and domicile if it is in Libra that it's in detriment if it's in other houses that it is exalted. You've heard that term it's exalted. I don't believe that I think that term is outmoded and Antiquated and maybe that's just all the Aquarian energy in me.


But I also don't think it's fair.


I don't think it's fair when somebody reads a chart. It's again. It's like The Vedic astrology sidereal astrology traditional Hellenistic astrology.


Viewpoint that you're focusing so much on the negative in the bad and I just don't see it playing out that way I don't see Venus and Taurus or the moon in Taurus rather playing out any better or different than the moon in Aries. You just have to understand the energies one is not better than the other one is not exalted. Although my wife would say otherwise because she has a moon in Taurus. There's nothing about the way that it plays out that makes it assault exalted a moon in Taurus.


That is in conjunct.


your son can be a very very difficult placement. There's nothing exalted about a queen Kong's from your moon to your son just because one of them is supposedly exalted so I don't believe in that. I don't like it. I don't like the negativity of it because you look at your own chart. You're like why I have nothing exalted and I have everything in detriment and then it sets this mindset that doesn't even play out that way people with energies in the 12th house.


It sits in your subconscious. You usually don't have access you have to go seek it but it's also behind the scenes energy.


It can be tough for someone who has let's say let's say the sun is in gemini or the sun's in Leo or sons in.


Libra even and that's in the 12th house.


The 12th house is very you're not seen. It's almost like the eighth house. They're both hidden in different ways. This one's more subconscious behind the scenes kind of back burner energy. The eighth house is more hidden intentionally secretive energy a little bit more shady, I guess.


or you have to really dig deep to bring it out when it's in the a twelfth house like when it's in Libra. It's like your relationships.


Romance in relationships takes a back seat when it's like sun and Leo, it's like you want to be seen and you want to be the spotlight, but you aren't you're only the spotlight when you're by yourself.


Because you're in isolation and you're doing all your creative now, you can use that some people with other placements that go with it. They enjoy that energy because they they dance when like they dance like nobody's looking because nobody's looking because no one's there.


They do like sewing in our art and creative creative expression and creativity things that are of a creative nature.


They do that like on their own Aries Rising, honestly, unless Neptune's place in different spot music is like their thing. They like to listen to music music. It's music. It's not really a career. It's not something anything more than I listen to it when I'm alone.


Or I you know, I meditate with music, you know, that's an Aries rising. And again, it depends on where Neptune is.


When are we going to talk about manifesting? We are going to get to manifesting towards the end of the course manifesting in terms of astrology has to do with understanding the energies and then being able to use them manifestation within astrology is saying I know what this is and I know the let's say we're talking about the Sun or Leo or the fifth house.


And we know all of these things and there's more to it.


These are like the main things but we know how this can play out and you know, it's like pride and ego and drama and how do we turn it around so that instead of Pride and ego is humility or it becomes more creative expression, but I temper my pride and my ego I'm proud but it's not egotistical. I I don't overdo the pleasure. I turn just the pleasure maybe selfish pleasure into romance instead of having too much fun all the time. I try to include it and just have a child like nature you temper everything you balance it and then you use that energy. That's what the manifestation part is. And that's later in the course once I get to making sure everybody understands what all this is about.


Can you review Erica? Can you review how to locate houses in your chart? I'm looking at my chart and I can't seem to find it right in the center. So if you've pulled up astro.com right in the center are the house numbers one, two, three, four, five six seven and when your house once you get used to it, you know that the you're using whole science health system that the one that's sitting here this line right below. It is the first house the line that goes straight down right to the right is the fourth house one four seven and ten, we're gonna get into that in the next class. But those are your angles the seventh house is here that the house that goes here towards the West is over here. I'm going to get into your ascendant next time. This is the East this is the West that is over here. That is Libra number seven and the one that goes straight up and down.


Keep going counterclockwise is 10 but in the center is 1 through 10 there.


Does the little r next to Mercury mean Mercury retrograde? Yes, so when you're looking at your chart, my chart has all but two planets in retrograde the Sun never goes retrograde. It's stagnant. It's always going because it's geocentric but the sun is the center for how we do this retrograde my Venus and Mars are not but Saturn Pluto Jupiter Uranus Neptune and oh chiron's not but most of the other ones are so even down here when you start looking at the aspects and you look at the degrees you see the little R's down here and d means direct because the nodes Actually retrograde for the nodes is normal. So going Direct on a node is actually backwards, but that's a whole other thing.


But that is retrograde and I'll be talking about retrogrades in another class as well because that's a whole thing because I have to talk a little bit more about each planet and how that plays out in a retrograde and that retrogrades are not bad.


So if you end up having a retrograde or seeing retrograde now even okay, so Mercury retrogrades messing everything up like I said.


The purpose of Mercury retrograde is saying something's not right. It's not going to work out the way you want. It needs to change and Capricorn. It has to do with systems Authority structure something about what I was doing wasn't going to work and that's why I went back and I made all of this real quick because I realized I'm gonna need this my the thing that's actually broadcasting everything for me that system needed to be updated. Then Zoom needed to be updated then something else. They need to be updated and my computer my entire computer system. My Mac everything got updated in the last two three hours like before jumping on here.


That retrograde was to make sure that I had a seamless program. If I didn't listen to the Mercury great retrograde and I just tried to move forward. Everything would have messed up. Everything would have been bad and I wouldn't be able to have this this live but also it's setting me up for the future and it's setting me up for understanding that this class does need some visuals that this class does have a certain time frame and that we're going to figure out that based off of this because my next class is outside of the Mercury retrograde. This one is determining. Hey, we went over two hours, you know, either you need to extend the time or you need to truncate a little bit now. I know The other classes Kathy are scheduled every other Sunday. So two Sundays from tonight is mine. So basically my wife is teaching a psychic development class and then her second class is tarot a course rather first class is psychic development second one and third one are tarot. I don't know the ones after that. I do know that she gets into herbalism and wellness and meditation some other stuff. If you're not taking her class, please sign up for that because it's amazing. She taught me how to open up my third eye psychic activation and I use my intuition when I'm reading people's charts when I read my own when I read others to be able to Here are the messages from Spirit for what you need to hear part of what makes me what I feel as a good astrology reader is that I'm listening to my intuition.


When things don't line up the universe is telling me the answer and I use that and I allow it Ashley taught me that.


She opened up my third eye. She taught me how to do that. She taught me tarot and now I read tarot, but I read tarot My Own Way same thing with astrology. I'm teaching you guys astrology. You're going to learn astrology through me you're gonna learn my system and you're gonna take that and you're gonna learn your own way. You're gonna develop your own way of reading using your intuition if you're already locked in honed in great otherwise, It would behoove you to take Ashley's class now.


Yeah.


Let's see.


So my classes again if I didn't fully answer that my class tonight January 15th. My next class is in two weeks on Sunday at 7pm. Same time. Each class is going to be that way Ashley's is the Sunday between we decided just to alternate Sundays to make it easier. There are a lot of people already signed up for both classes. It just makes it easier and you guys that you don't have to sit there in the middle of the day and then the end of the day is just once a week you guys will take it and it just makes it easier. So my classes again every other week Sunday 7pm Eastern Standard Time.


We did this Rick Mercury retrograde. What if you don't have a placement in a house multiple placements in one house?


Awesome, we're gonna get into stelliums and satellitiums in either the next class of the one after that. But when you have planets that I don't actually have any stelliums, but when they're clustered together is considered a stellium a stellium is of is a grouping of three or more planets that are within an orb of influence of each other meaning they directly have conjunctions with each other and aspect each other a satellitium, which would be this.


Are three planets in the same house, but they're not close enough to be impacting each other. So they all operate in the same house. They all affect the house, but they don't affect each other. So my Mars has nothing to do with my Pluto unless it's aspected in a different sense, which it's not and same thing with my my Saturn.


Oh an empty house means that your energies are not concentrated in that area of life. It doesn't mean that it doesn't matter. It doesn't mean that nothing happens. It just means that you need to pay attention to the Chart rule or the house ruler. So in this case my ninth house Mars everything that affects my ninth house my education my college my My philosophies my travel that's all sitting down here in my third house. I didn't go to college.


Not because it's an empty house, but because I went to school I barely graduated because in the 11th grade I decided I didn't want to go to college. I said 12th grades a waste of my life. So I dropped all my courses to standard and I was always in advanced placement and I almost didn't feel I did but then I my father.


Had a one-on-one my mother and my father but my they had a one-on-one said I need to go there and then if I don't like it, then I don't have to and I said, nope. I don't want to do it.


That has to do with this. This is why I didn't go to college but I have my higher education here through research and through deep knowledge and I studied the things I care about and that's kind of What's led me along my life as I I get I am Mass a lot of information here with all of this but I never had any desire to go to a university or anything like that. So it just means that you need to look to the Chart rollers see how that house is actually impacted.


Which house or houses would you say have an influence over marketing?


Well, if you're talking about the media aspect of marketing one thing I forgot to say about Pisces is it rules media, which is again intangible creativity. It's when you go on social media that actual picture that's sitting there is Pisces ruled.


So the 12th house Neptune Pisces has to do with marketing Sagittarius does because Sagittarius also rule ninth house Sagittarius also rules.


Here we go. Sagittarius also rules publishing and an advertising and then the third house is sales and Logistics and then marketing also is Libra it all depends on what aspect this is why is very important to get very specific when you're asking somebody what do you want to do? What are you doing now? Because if someone just says marketing it's like, all right. Are you doing it for Public Image and reputation? Like are you the boss of a marketing company? You have your own marketing company. Do you work one-on-one. Do you do the design? Are you doing the sales of marketing? Are you the one who publishes? Are you the one who creates? Are you using social media for marketing every Mouse movement that I just made is all marketing, but it depends on what aspect of marketing. It's like I work in real estate. It's like well what aspect do you make the houses? Do you sell the houses? Do you design the houses? Do you like work with like government and Contracting and whatnot like which Try to be here as well. Like what is it that you do Contracting arguably would be sixth and seventh house.


So it's it gets very detailed because you have to this is why understanding the energies is extremely important when we go through these and you kind of look at you know what we've put here.


It's like when we're talking about your business.


where to go we're talking about your no.


Sorry your business here. This is the actual business itself and your relationship with the business or business partners.


if your business is in Fitness, this is the business. This is the legal structure. This is your date not you're not even your day-to-day operations. That's Virgo how you engage with other people would be this how you engage with the public but Capricorn would be your Public Image.


Capricorn would be the reputation of your business. So like I said, it's it's understanding that everything is broken down. And when you're looking at charting your reading you have to pause for a moment, you have to say what am I really talking about? What is the energy behind the theme of what I really mean when I talk about my physical body?


just as it is when I get into medical astrology and I understand that Pluto is the both the reproductive and the X like Pee and poop the elimination Capricorn is all about the structure the spine the bones and the joints Pisces is the feet Uranus is the ankles Sagittarius is the hips and thighs where Sagittarius right here understanding that each one has its own placement. And then when you're talking about, you know, that's why the chart ruler the first house the ascendant all of this is your physical body because it links in with medical astrology. It links in with the actual physical you do not look like your siblings. I mean you do but you don't look like you're siblings. Look at your hair lines. Look at who's got thicker versus thinner hair. Look at your height. Look at your weight. Look at the things you deal with you're not your siblings.


In this lifetime you share common family and that comes through all your your moon stuff. It comes through your lineage, but it doesn't come through and the IC is part of it of what you look like and where you came from, but You know your first house is actually your physical traits in your body.


Is it true that you should not start a business during a Mercury retrograde? It depends on what you're doing. If you're if you are doing sales outward sales.


And you need to get a product outward. I probably wouldn't start it during a Mercury retrograde if you were doing sales where the sales have to come into you and you have to Like find a way to sell somebody who doesn't want to be sold to.


Mercury retrograde is great because that Mercury retrograde is Inward and again, I'll get to retrogrades in another class, but You're taking energy of that planet. You're turning it, Inward and you're thinking differently.


Because it's Mercury instead of thinking linearly and straightforward you're thinking abstractly and you're coming back in on yourself and you're thinking like this which is patterns. They create when you think like this, it becomes patterns, it's abstract. So people who are born like myself with a Mercury retrograde tend to think not linearly. They think over here they come over here they come here and then they get their answer and they tend to think in patterns patterns are much easier. They're more visual Learners.


It's almost a Pisces type Vibe like a Mercury and Pisces where they a bit more visual a bit more like it's not quite Pisces because that is like more abstract. That is more. Like I need to see it visualize it but it is very abstract in the sense that you're doing patterns and you get there in a way that other people don't understand.


Unless they have a Mercury retrograde as well.


What happens if your chart is bottom heavy? I'll talk about this again. Well, I could just talk about it now the government card mmm angles the angles here which technically are these so they go this way and then for mine, they go this way everything that sits this side is the Eastern Hemisphere. This is the Western Hemisphere you're ascendant is the constellation that was coming up over the Eastern Horizon when you were born The top is the northern the bottom is the Southern Hemisphere bottom means you're more private top means you're more outgoing left or Eastern means you are more of a self-starter right or Western means you need other people to help get you going and motivate you or whatever you do day to day you prefer with others or need others to be able to to live life.


So bottom heavy just means you're more introverted.


I know her schedule and I am registered seems Sundays will be a thing. Oh, yes. Yes Kathy Sundays are the thing.


Sunday at Ashley's classes every Sunday at 3 pm Eastern Standard Time because she puts the baby down. So she does her earlier. Mine is at 7pm because she puts the baby down and it's this is what I can do while that's happening.


Angie is it normal to feel overwhelmed at first of this? Hell, yeah. I am cramming seven years of learning into to seven classes seven two-hour sessions 14 hours and not everything but I'm cramming a lot and the reason why you have access to rewatch. This is not you're not supposed to grasp everything everybody who sitting here like, oh my God. Oh my God. Don't don't do that to yourself. You have to also remember when I was talking about Gemini and the third house down here and I was telling you that this is early learning. This is how you learn and wherever Gemini is whatever the third house is planets here. Wherever Mercury is brings elements here. If you have let's say Saturn or a Capricorn here or a Mercury in the tenth house or a Mercury and Capricorn you are not going to grasp this unless you have like uranium uranium energy attached to it. You're not gonna grasp this on the first go everyone learns differently and when I do parent and and child charts, this is one of the things I focus on is, how does your child learn because you don't want them to struggle in school? No parent wants to see their kids struggle.


Understanding how they will learn is extremely important understanding how you will learn is extremely important. For instance.


I in my chart I dive deep I learn better when I'm working with somebody when I'm talking it out.


I dive in I just I just want to keep shooting off ideas. I want to get it and want that banter. I wanted to go back and forth. It's tied in with groups. I love talking in groups about things just hopes and dreams and the what ifs with with Jupiter spilling in here, but I don't get everything. I don't grasp everything especially systems because it's Especially Financial systems. I talk a lot about like investing in amassing worth wealth. I don't do that.


I do not understand the stock market at all.


I don't get it for whatever reason this energy here and in conjunct Venus, I don't get it. I use it.


But I don't make the play. I know my energy. I know that I don't understand. I know I can use it. I just know that I won't understand it. So this is me saying I need it for my career. I need certain systems for my career and I need to use those things and Investments, but I don't understand it because I just have a hard time learning it and even here I would have to really really study to grasp it and I'm just not interested. I don't care I have other things that I enjoy doing but this is what it has to do and and a lot of things once I get into it and it's something that I like and I think it's usable and useful that's Saturn energy useful.


Hell out of it I get so obsessed and it becomes my world and that's how I got into astrology and that's why I know what I know in astrology. But I also trial and error when it doesn't work I go again. If it this is also the element of how do I Implement things because it's Mars. It's in the third house. I try it.


I actually mentally communicate and I do it with other people. Does it work? Does it work that is it true? Is it honest meaning is it in the third house is a factual but Saturn's Integrity as well is it it's on top of Venus. Does it work? No, it doesn't work back to the drawing board.


Does it work back to the drawing board? And this is how the cycle works. I literally say, nope. Go back. Does it work? Nope go back and this is the cycle Perpetual. I sometimes that's annoying because I'll buy something.


Um that I want you know, and I'll try it. I don't like it and I return it which is this energy here and I do it a lot. I do it all the time.


So that's kind of that. I want to use this modality so much in my life, but my brain is like, oh don't don't feel that way Angie. It's it's completely normal.


For you to feel overwhelmed with something that is so mathematically intense, which I'm hoping in this class that I really took the edge off of the math. Even when I get into the degrees and everything and I've took the edge off of the seriousness and the I don't know the boringness. I hope this was exciting. I hope this like was absorbable even if it not everything because I talk fast I info dump a lot. I don't expect everybody to get it. I have to slow down if I wanted to but I'm I'm cramming as much as I can. I want you to get your value out of this. So I hope that that came across.


This was great. All right, I appreciate that guys. I appreciate that Brandy as well. You've done a great job. Thank you that really helps because I was concerned not because I don't think I'm a good teacher but because every every school every class even the ones that Ashley's watching they have nothing to do with astrology. I'm just like, oh my God are all classes like this and obviously there has to be an interest for it but like Oh man, some of them are super boring some of the ones on YouTube some that I checked out before I did it trying to figure out how I wanted to do it. I actually just went with this setup because I do readings like this you see me. You see what I'm pointing to I zoom in if I need to let's talk about it. Let's zoom out and then for this class I made extra materials so that I could you know, get that up there. So Lori Ann, when can we sign up for class two?


You know, it should be up shouldn't it in the next?


it's gonna take me two to three days, but I will get it up it is going to be Two weeks from now. Where's my phone? I put it somewhere where it wouldn't bother me.


It is going to be.


The 29th.


It'll be January 29th at 7pm Eastern Standard Time. Same deal except we'll be taught and I'll put a video out you'll know exactly what we're gonna learn. I'm going to I didn't want to I kept saying I was gonna tell you what everything was but all these videos but I was like Mercury retrograde something's got to change. So I held out on releasing the second class because I didn't want to put out and say hey this is what we're doing ahead of time knowing the Mercury retrograde in Capricorn was gonna make me Teach Authority.


And my Jupiter here and we're Jupiter is over in Aries. I'm just gonna have to teach differently. I was gonna I knew I was gonna run out of time. So that was important, but that will be up in the next few days.


and Yeah, hope you guys enjoyed the first class and want to go to the second class. Is there a chart to use to evaluate evaluate your own business? Yes, spoke a little bit about it earlier. It is called an election chart it you cast it pretty much like this except. It's an event chart and it has to do with how the business is finances are what the businesses reputation if there are any business partners how the money will be that's all in the things that are hidden that you should you should be aware of the seventh house is also open enemies the 12th house is hidden enemies hidden open.


Understanding when people like to challenge you how they show up in your chart my hidden enemies become my open enemies. They just reveal themselves, which actually is great for me because they always you know, I don't have to wonder.


But then again, sometimes it's like people who are really close to me end up being that's been a theme of my life that my hidden enemies actually don't reveal themselves until much later and that has kind of sucked in my life.


Especially when I was in Film Production, but that is an election chart that won't be in this course, but I will do a class or course on that and then you can run sinistry, which is also going to be another course.


Does sixth house have anything to do with pets?


Hmm. Yes, and it supposed to it's supposed to astrology is all about perspective and I've noticed I've noticed in my own charts and I don't like to talk about pets too much for this reason. It's supposed to be ruled by the sixth house supposed to be small animals in pets. I've noticed that usually when stuff happens. Sometimes it's in the sixth house and sometimes in the fifth house because a lot of us treat our pets like children.


And astrology is not black and white. It is about perspective and it is about perception. So I don't the reason why pets wasn't listed in small animals wasn't listed here is because I've seen it not be there.


So there are a few things that you may look at my chart and be like, well, what about this? This is usually in this house and I don't put it there because I don't see it in that house. I see it in other houses or I see it split Melissa, I thought I was introverted but maybe not my chart is top habit. Well if your top If it's top here that's like very rudimentary if all the rulers.


Well, you're taking all your private stuff. You're putting it out, but also realize that top heavy.


That's what it's supposed to be. But look The Eighth House in the 12th house are both in the top.


And those are both hidden so don't take the top versus bottom the East and West is absolutely true the top and bottom. I don't know about that which is why I was I almost didn't answer that question that way.


But it also depends on where the rulers are and I think that's one of the major problems.


Is that you know this house and this house, although this is shared resources. And this is not you. This is your connection to the collective when things sit here they can make you very introverted. So and if any of these are Pluto it can do the same thing. So take it with a grain of salt for that.


But that's the general answer is that this is introvert and this is extroverted or this is more private. And this is more outgoing like more more public. It's not necessarily that you're an extrovert. It's more that people. See you.


And you're what you do is not as private. It's out for people to see.


My Geminis in the 12th house with Chiron would that mean I have difficulty expressing my mind definitely means that you have and I won't I'm gonna get into Chiron in a different class. But when Chiron sits here, it has to do with spiritual issues as to deal with not dealing with your wounds and maybe not even being aware of what your wounds are.


In Gemini, it has to do with communication siblings.


There's the main two things and just not believing that you're smart enough.


Actually, if you're taking this course with a Chiron in the 12th house in Gemini, you could feel like you're not smart enough to grasp everything. I'm saying just realize that Cairo comes early in life.


Has nothing to do with you and it is something that you can heal from but it's always going to be there reminding you.


Kathy have a great night. Thank you for being here.


Patrick is there a website or somewhere we can go to follow the Cycles phases and arrows that we're in right now. Honestly astro.com has the best descriptions Where is it?


Let me see if I can pull it up while you guys are here.


And stroh.com if I can spell it would really help.


Okay, so There's this whole article here by Robert Fitzgerald who is a pretty well known astrologer and most of what he says not everything. Do I agree with in this in this article?


One thing I forgot to mention with cancer now that I'm thinking about it when from reading this article is cancer does rule agriculture. It does not rule food. It does.


Involve farming in agriculture, but this whole thing talks about the age of cancer age of Gemini and then it breaks it down.


To the phases Aquarius era phase of Scorpio keeps going Gemini face.


And it doesn't get into cancer and this was actually written.


In 2009 when the Gemini face started so it's interesting to see what he had to say because he wrote it before it really kicked in it it just kind of started.


It's interesting like 2008 with the financial crisis. And then the the government bailouts government bailouts was all part of politics was all part of the Gemini phase and it's not a line right cusps are not I mean, they are lines between houses. I'll talk about that when I talk about angles, but these phases overlap because energy is not like this energy doesn't have walls.


It does this and it works like this and it you know infuses and that's when we get into like aspects.


We'll talk more about how energy melds together.


But when we're going through different phases going from the Gemini phase to the cancer phase you're actually dealing with so much energy. We're dealing with the third ninth house axis and the fourth tenth house axis all at the same time for the last couple of years, which is why that work from home thing with politics was all infused because work from home was the fourth tenth the politics and the separation from the lockdowns was the third and Ninth but all of that was fusing together because of that overlap in energy changing phases.


But this is where you would go. It's it's on Astros website. I wonder if I can just search it.


astrological ages Yeah, it's the first thing that pops up. It's this one here. So when you go to astro.com's website type in astrological ages.


And it's actually astrological ages as an accurate and effective model of History. It's an amazing fascinating.


This is how I got into it and I got really in tune to it because you're trying to figure out how you can align with energies. Well, you should know what the biggest energies are. The biggest themes working from home right now. It's supposed to be how do you take that and do that for yourself? How do you work using cancer energy?


How do you nurture? How do you heal? How do you do agriculture? A lot of people are looking into you know farming at home? Like they want to start their own little Farms you're hearing that all the time because it's the phase of cancer.


So that's that for that.


Most entertaining all thank you, Danny.


And witty witty, I'm gonna take that amazing compliment explain things very well. Thank you Valerie. It's not boring at all. It's amazing. Thank you Angie. I appreciate that. That was my fear. My fear was that you guys wouldn't enjoy but I'm glad Angeles's I've taken several classes. I think you did a great job all my air understands and enjoys this type of presentation awesome.


Awesome. I appreciate that Jen. Thank you for your knowledge of science course very helpful and interesting. I have a hard time focusing and keeping my attention but not for this class.


Awesome. Thank you again. Thank you.


Taylor as you cast an election chart not a natal chart so you cast yes, it's called an election chart. It's technically the same thing you're going in. But when you do male female you'll see where it says event you just click event and you're using the time of birth for the LLC or whatever. It is from the legal documents. And then that creates the first breath of life where it's actually a real entity and you use that to decide what it is. So for instance, I don't mind showing people and forever and ever and ever that you guys can learn. This is Mystic Rebels LLC from December 7th, 2021. It was time stamped on our Florida document in the insurance. Florida is where we did that it's the same in Tallahassee, which is where it is.


I guess legally done but we did it from here. I could have done it from there. It's the same chart. I looked at both 8 am.


And this is it. This is us doing spiritual occult work. This is us being teachers like we were always destined to be teaching which is so interesting. It also rules astrology, which is why that's kind of at the Forefront right now is talks about the money that can be made this talks about the communication and how the internet and structures and this this right here.


And this right here actually are our platform that we're about to launch. It actually says it right here that we're gonna launch a platform. So it's not just like Hey, we're talking about it. No, and we know that the developers are and at the tail end of the website and then the developing the app so we can launch this talks about doing all this from home, which we do also the intuitive nurturing nature Chiron here is in areas is you know, the fifth house here six, I you know, I'm not gonna go through everything but you know, the ninth House of teaching is in the first house and Sagittarius again teaching teaching teaching which is why we're not going to be doing as many Chart readings in the future we're going to do as many as we can now, but we're going to be doing mostly teaching because we want to curate the future healers as opposed to just giving people readings, but we'll keep our VIPs and keep reading for them as well.


Thank you huge effort. Thank you, Julie. I appreciate that.


like jet streams I don't know what that means actually Brandy like jet streams.


I'll come back to that if you answer that and Danny whenever you spoke about timing on your tiktoks, are you just following the moon and where exactly do you get that info? So by the end of the course you will know exactly what I'm talking about as a preface.


When I click the transits button, which you can't see it's up here next to chart selection. These green energies that you see around here are transits the black glyphs here are my energies meaning when I was born. This is where everything was this is the snapshot that became my Cosmic blueprint. The green is the moving energies out in the solar system. They're they're constantly moving and moving around and they're impacting things.


So Mars is over.


But this is oh, this is Mystic Rebels and that's interesting Mars is over the North Node right now.


I actually didn't even look at this. The Moon is over Pluto and Venus which is value and structure and all that.


Which is great. I love that Saturn. This is crazy. Y'all Saturn is over Jupiter. I didn't look at this prior to you asking me this question Saturn's over Jupiter, which is over the first house, which is also teaching.


And then value and communication online.


So it's like all of this goes together Uranus while I wasn't started that long ago. So that makes sense and the North Node over the sixth house and bringing value to day to day. It's like this is this is crazy in Jupiter over Chiron. I love this because it's our our for our chart ruler is over Chiron in the fifth house.


This is beautiful. This is healing for a lot of you guys. This is going to be healing your inner child, whether you're live or you're watching this later you're going to be healing we're teaching you how to heal ha and that's what we're supposed to do. And I just I can't like the sun is going over the ruler of our midheaven.


And like I said in future classes you're going to be able to do a lot of what I'm doing not everything you're gonna have to keep learning. I'm a forever student. You'll be a forever student and Forever student is going to be one of our our T-shirts because that's just how it is with spirituality and with astrology. You'll always dive down this this Rabbit Hole. I promise you.


Randy Energy's coming together. Yeah, I guess that's the way you could look at it energy is coming together like jet streams ice I visualize Balls of energy almost like light if you shine a let's just make it easy. If you shine a red light you shine a yellow light that's a yellow light and a red light and they are what they are. But when they come together, they create an orange light and to realize that if you're looking for orange, or you could use crayons, I guess in the same.


metaphor analogy, but that's how I see it and I love it.


And here's the thing about manifestation.


This is it's this I'm gonna regurgitate my Pluto in the third. I'm going to regurgitate what my martial arts instructor told me when I was like 11 to 12 years old.


Because it applies to this and applies to manifestation used to have all these different sayings one of them which is a part of manifestation is to remove yourself from toxic situations and toxic people anything that goes against what you want is holding you back because it becomes a part of your life part of your energy part of your mindset. He used to say one of the two things was if you stick your hands in garbage, you'll smell like trash too.


And it stuck with me obviously for 30 more years.


And it comes down to you. He was referencing. You know, who you hang out with and The Company You Keep but it's it goes beyond just your friends. It goes to your family. It goes to your work acquaintances. It goes to your job. It goes to every aspect to your life. It goes to the if you go drink and you go out to the bar, it's them.


Who are you hanging out with are they the type of people and you'll see inspirational videos on social media saying are you hanging out with people who are at your level or lower or you hanging out Pete with people who got it? They got it made they got it together that you want to Aspire to you always want to hire hang out with them.


And at some point when you're at the top keep the closest people who have supported you and always had your back. The second thing is he used to talk about how when you have a red light if you take a light and you just shine red light. It's just a red light doesn't hurt you. It just puts a pigment on your skin a hue whatever and there's nothing dangerous or damaging about it. But if you take that same light and you take all that light and you focus it in on one spot, it becomes a laser and a laser can cut diamonds.


And this is all about manifestation. This is all about using your energy. This is all about Focus. This is all about taking saturnian energy that focus and discipline. It's also about discipline Saturn. It's about so many things but it's all in the same, you know.


sphere It's about taking that light all this energy that you have and finding that pinpoint laser focus so that you can cut diamonds so you can literally do anything which is what the point is, right. He was talking about energy in martial arts and it being dispersed versus having that focus and hitting the point that you wanted but when it comes to manifestation it talks about this is the thing I want and I've got to focus everything here and I've got to be there which also brings the other element of when you punch when you were breaking concrete or breaking wood and essentially breaking bones when you punch you don't need it. You don't think I'm going up to it. You aim past it you overshoot you go through it and your goal is to mentally um C to mentally picture already being through it. That's how you break boards in martial arts.


That's how you break concrete. It's already broken. I actually ironically I do this when I open jars like pickle jars or sauerkraut or whatever I'm opening.


And my wife gets a kick out of it. I will sit there and try to turn it and I'll forget and like it's hard and I'll just sit there.


I breathe in I breathe out. I picture it already open and I say I verbally say open and literally it feels like no energy. It's just open.


And it takes a lot of dedication a lot of focus to get to that point, but that's what you're doing is you're taking all this dedication all this energy and you're focusing it in where you want and then Divine timing has to do with when these energies come around and they open up there's two steps one is your energies. How do your energies work out? What can you do the second step is when can you do it? That's the transits.


Who what? Why where when the when is the green as it comes along and you get opportunities this energy this outward Force that's pushing in and saying I'm going to bring in this creativity this Vitality. I'm going to shine a light on this and I'm in with Pluto. I'm going to transform it.


I'm going to go really deep. I'm gonna potentially be upheaval and make you change in the sun with it is making it combust so it's making it.


It's actually amplifying it a lot of people say that it lowers the Vitality. But for me, it sets it on fire is the way that I see it. I don't like the term combust in the way that they use it. I like it the way I use it because I like to use this energy and I like when it's combust.


It's like hell, yeah. It's that issues on fire. And but anyway, this is the when so to answer your question.


We're gonna get into transits, but that is how you that's how you know when that's Divine timing.


Taylor thank you so much for this. I taught myself the basics but this took it to a deeper level of understanding. That's what I was hoping for really looking forward to upcoming classes for people who have already learned the basics of astrology. A lot of people were asking me do I need this class and like of course, I'm selling it. I'm teaching it. I want to say yes, but I also want to be honest. It's like I don't I don't know. I don't know how well you taught it. I don't know who you learned from. I don't know if it's accurate when I do my readings it's all about accuracy. If something's off either the time is off or I missed something and I have to go back and figure out what I missed some people start to easier to read than others, but that's the whole goal of it. So that's what that's all about. I want you to have accuracy if it doesn't work every single time.


Why learn it?


Why learn it that's my problem with that's always been my problem with astrology every reading. I've gotten Hit or Miss Vedic tropical doesn't matter. They're all using classes as Health Systems probably why but some of it is just them they don't understand how to pull it all together.


And they're very surface. Once they say Mars in the in Scorpio Mars in the 12th house. That's it. They leave it and maybe they get into aspects. Maybe they say hey, there's an agitation a semi sex tile with the ascendant of the business being able to do, you know certain things behind the scenes who which we have we've had difficulty behind the scenes because we're always teaching we can't be doing both. So we've actually had this experience but they don't go into that. They don't go into on top of that Pluto. Where's Pluto Pluto's down here? What's Pluto aspecting bring all this energy back into the 12th house? Also we're talking about Mars Mars is the ruler of Aries. Oh, there's Chiron here. How are we using Chiron as a healing or is it helping is it pain or is it, you know nurturing and it's it's all of this here. And then Chiron is aspecting Saturn with a sex tile. You have to bring the third house energy back into the twelfth house. It gets very complex very quickly, but it yields such accurate fine-tuned details that when learn how to do this. You're not going to do it tomorrow. It took me seven years to get to this point. I'm not saying And that's things gonna take you seven years because I'm I'm killing off eliminating like three plus three to four of those years, maybe three of those years of sifting through the garbage that's out there for astrology on these different websites and books and podcasts and YouTube videos and whatnot so that I can teach you what does work so you don't have to worry about what doesn't work. I'm just teaching you what works you're jumping ahead a couple of years. I'm saving you the time.


So if you are nowhere near your birth certificate should you change the location to your current city? Your natal chart energies will always apply. However.


You also need to add in your relocated energies because they act as a layer on top and we will be doing an astro cartography course so that you can understand that you're using both of these energies and what it does is it fine-tunes. I just did a video on tiktok about this where basically you're taking these energies and these energies and I use the analogy of buying a car and saying that if your mid had been was buying a car right your life purpose was to go buy this car and there was and to break it down simple as possible the analogy. I think I said something along the lines up. It's there's Mars and Saturn energy in your natal chart.


And let's say Saturn is it has to be strong. It has to be durable. Maybe an older car. Maybe a used vehicle is something that's gonna last it could be the bare minimum. I don't need anything fancy and then Mars energy says I do need to be powerful and I do need to make a presence and be strong.


So those two energies and then you've driven when you live in your natal area. That's what you've always driven. But then you move somewhere else is completely different and let's say that mid haven't changes and now you're adding in Venus and Uranus.


Well Venus is all about luxury. It's all about value and then Uranus is all about technology. So now you're bringing in saying that old vehicle that you used to only need for, you know getting from A to B and having a powerful engine. Maybe it was an old muscle car is what you had And didn't have any Tech it was whatever and you love that thing because that's exactly what you wanted. But now you're somewhere else and now it needs to be luxurious. So it's not necessarily new because you still have Saturn's energy, but it's gonna have luxury to us. And now the next one you buy might have leather seats. It might have like a couple of features to the other didn't it might have a sunroof and then you bring in And then you bring in Uranus energy now, it has more Tech now. It's got GPS and now it's got you know, heads up display or whatever. So now the new car it's not just Venus and Uranus. It's all four of those energies. So when you're doing relocation, you have to look at both of those and it it just adds it adds energy and it changes things the reason why when I went Mr. Rebels whoops. This is my chart. So the reason why when I went from working commission jobs, and I was a server a couple times and doing those kind of jobs and I moved to, California.


And in California, I developed and I'll show you what happens there.


in Los Angeles nothing happens when you don't hit in the Box.


When you go into Los Angeles, California, and then I switch this again. This is going to be for a different class. Maybe even a different course when I go here my mid Heaven ends up in the ninth house instead of the tenth house and it's in Pisces. I become a cancer Rising my son shifted from the 11th to the 12th house. What ended up happening is I became a film producer director. I did not become an actor even though I had a tenth house midheaven in Taurus with Venus there which is the Arts. I've always been an artist and in And been in in that kind of interest and instead of it me being able to be an actor even though I have the son in the 11th. I always got there and then I ended up doing background work. So I'm in the thing as a part of the group but in the background and then I ended up using this energy on knowingly actually took me years and instead of that. I became a screenwriter a director a producer of multiple projects and multiple Realms and instead of Pisces being hospitals or Hospitals or like music it ended up being because of this energy. Actually I did do music and then I moved over to film it ended up being a film.


So instead of hospitals that ended up being filmed.


One I don't have any Virgo service to others energy my sixth house had this here. So actually this could have been Medical but because my natal chart has Capricorn here, which is boss energy and then has a mid heaven in Taurus. That's the Arts. It's why it ended up film and not medicine and why I owned my own company out there because it's in the in the ninth house. Again, that's for another.


Class in the following classes where you teach us how to read the lines without having to get on apps. I will be teaching you. Actually I don't read lines.


I don't read lines. So you're gonna learn how I read these lines are extremely confusing.


This is a ball of yarn to me. Now. Some people this is really exciting. And if you add in more aspects, it just becomes a jumbled up mess. I I glance at them to see like here I see the grand Trine and then I see the the kite what I do is I look at planets the major planets and I look at their degrees. So I see 2521 all in the air signs 25:21 and 24.


This is my grand Trine and I see another 25, that's the kite because it's in opposition. So I'm gonna teach you that but also all the aspects are actually down here.


So when we're looking at all of this, this is where you I double check if I'm not sure like some of them like a queen kunk's is only about two degrees orb of influence and if I can't tell if it's like With the minutes and everything if it's within I'll just come down here and double check some of them like this one right here that I have. I know this Queen Cooks within one degree. I'll double check it but I don't actually use this much other than reference. I use the numbers.


But I will show you that when we start talking about aspects my Jupiter is about to be over Chiron. I've been healing so much. Yeah, Melissa, that's That's amazing.


Learning learning will help you heal because that's what Jupiter's all about.


Angie if you ever doubt yourself have a bad day in your business rewatch the last 10 minutes and you explaining this business chart love it.


Fired up and passion coming through when you speak about this in the chart and the reasons behind it. Super cool be proud. Thank you Angie. I appreciate that so much guys.


Brandy thank you for taking the extra time explaining the questions Brandy. You are very welcome. That's all the questions I have here. Unless anybody has any last lingering questions here.


You guys can feel free to also leave a review on Google review. If you type in Mystic Rebels on Google Maps, it'll pull us up if you guys enjoyed this class and you want other people to know about it. It'll be super helpful once it gets to our platform. But Google reviews do help. I think people do actually look at them.


And everybody's left us a review. I tried to catch up. I'm very appreciative of all of you guys. You guys don't understand what it means Vibe tribe is one of our t-shirts that's gonna come out. You guys are our Vibe tribe. You guys are Mystic Rebels, you're Rebel Academy students. Now you guys are Mystic Rebels Mystic Rebels was never meant to be Ashley and I it was meant to be everybody anybody who wanted to rebel against Pop Culture astrology or the standard textbook stuff and wanted to rebel against life and just kind of take things in their own hands and do things on their own. That is the rebellious attitude.


We're looking for and obviously Mystic being in this occult theme, that's what Mystic Rebels is all about. It's all about learning and then taking this knowledge applying it expanding and then if you want teach other people not everybody's learning needs to be a teacher but you can do some amazing things and by the end of these seven classes, I really think you're going to have like just a much deeper understanding of the fundamentals that make astrology work without having to get into the nitty-gritty of all the math the biggest I think I'm getting into the math is just saying hey 10 plus 2 or 10 plus 3, you know, when I'm looking here this part of fortunate 10 degrees in this North Node it Uh 13 degrees this right here is you know, three degrees away from each other. That's all you really have to do. Is that kind of math there 25 you might have something at 28 degrees something at 2 degrees just understand that's four degrees away.


That's the extent of the math. I don't need you guys to learn all the rest of it.


Urinatal chart looks like a diamond or Square Encompass. Thank you for today. See you next to you next time Patrick. Thank you for being a part of this Angie. So cool. We all at the very first class ever. Go Vibe tribe.


Yes, go Vibe. Try my first class ever. I have a feeling what I'm gonna be doing most is exploring expanding and then teaching you guys my new theories because I've got all these theories sitting up here that I really want to test and they're not in textbooks and most people say that they're not true and I'm just sitting there like no, I think some of these might actually play out one that I don't teach much is I've accurately predicted about 80% of the time because I'm still figuring it out when a woman's gonna go in labor and have her child.


And that was exciting because if I can if I can get that to a hundred percent and teach the world.


You know how many women that are pregnant will stop worrying so much. They'll know what day they're supposed to have the baby and if it's late if it's early if it's whatever they know when it's gonna come out. So I'm working on that. I haven't gotten it foolproof. But I've I predicted our child. I knew the exact day. She was coming out my buddy as well.


Few other people, so I got one or two off one of them. I had three dates.


And honestly, I didn't think it was the first date and it ended up being the first date. So I'm not 100% on it, but when I get that down.


I'm gonna get it down.


The degrees tell you the age you'll get married.


I'm still working on that. I got married.


This is a relocation chart. I got married at 24.


the first time so Nothing here. I mean Pluto and Libra, but I also got I mean, it's very transformational but this is some other stuff that happened. I have a lot of stuff that happened at 24 and 25.


Which is why a lot of this is sitting the way that it is.


I haven't figured that out yet.


And the biggest thing is I don't teach stuff that I don't know works 100% So I have my theories and sometimes I'll test things but until I know 100% I won't I won't use it. I won't share it. But I those are things trust me. I am working on then certain things. Like I said that the moment where you're at a place where you're ready to fall in love and be with somebody that I call a marriage Transit and has nothing to do with marriage. I have to rename it. I figure that out like that was a theory that I tested and it worked a hundred percent of the time and now I use it all the time.


Thank you for the class Lori in it's been a great time. Thank you. Thank you 16 roses on astro.com. Where do I go to change the transit dates? I have today's date, but I want to do a future date. So when you go back to your chart selection, it's right here right under web web default Style just change the state and then hit show the chart.


And then in the top right next to the green button, you'll see a blue button that says transits and that'll pull up the transits for you.


Alright, you guys have been amazing. Thank you for being here as part of my first class ever. I am hoping to well, I'm not hoping I know I'm gonna continue this every other Sunday if you're seeing this not live then just Don't continue on binge learn if you'd like, and this will be available for you. Thank you everybody. Thank you. Thank you so much for being a part of this. I appreciate you all and and I'll see you next Sunday 16 roses.


Thanks again everybody. Take care.








ADDITIONAL NOTES THAT MUST BE READ** 


 A very important note about this class video: • This was created at the beginning of 2023. Alchemystic Astrology is meant to grow, evolve, and hone in on information. Some info has come from previous systems and needed to be corrected.  • In this class & PDF, the Saturn slide shows the word “Father”. This is not correct. In no direct way does Saturn represent the father or the father archetype. This is reserved for the Sun. The rest is accurate but this understanding actually came after the filming of this class once I personally decided to resolve the astrological community's ongoing debate.  • Also, Mars/Aries is not about anger, without the Moon in specific configurations. The planet Mars (ruling Aries) does not indicate anger alone which is a huge pop culture / traditional astrology myth.   • The 7th house also does not represent Open Enemies. This means the 12th house does not represent Hidden Enemies. These are beliefs inherent to traditional astrology as a sign of the times. Astrology was meant to explain fate, destiny, chance, fortune, etc and superstitious beliefs plague many of the older systems. These things simply do not present themselves in the real interpretations of energies.