Hey everybody. Welcome to the second course.


We did the intro to Basics last time and now we're doing the interpretations. I'm sorry the foundations of interpretations. So this is just basically the the steps after learning the basics. We went through the 12 houses.


We went through the rulership went through the planets and signs. We talked a lot about the energy we went through the the house systems and all that that is like the grounding like that's just information in my mind. It has nothing to do with actually interpreting you need that to interpret but now we're gonna go get into some of the the fundamentals the things that are going to lead us to being able to actually interpret. Now, this class isn't you're not gonna walk away from this class by itself being like Oh, I can read charts. There's still a few other steps and I think this entire like mini course is just gonna be five classes.


And you will be able to read a chart and interpret by studying these five classes and moving forward. So this is class two of five. The next class is going to be aspects and transits.


And it's only those two topics because those are the main things those are the glue to be able to read and once we get past this class and then aspects and transits then we're going to start going into application of actually reading a chart and the fifth class is going to be about manifestation with those energies meaning taking what you see and finding different ways different routes to actually use that energy and then move that forward.


Because we we can read charts because we see how things manifest over and over things are very cyclical. Most of the energies have a default pattern a default type of energy that they they tend to manifest as so what we want to do is learn how that is happening and how we can break those Cycles, especially when it comes to certain very powerful.


placements or aspects in our charts many of you have already taken the psychic development class that my wife teaches I use her knowledge her gifts that she she opened my third eye and while it doesn't matter as much for Learning the basics like the the fact stuff. Once you get into actually interpreting charts having your intuition there to guide you is very important. So if you guys haven't already done that obviously look into her her psychic development class, even if you're not learning looking to learn tarot, it's very good for reading astrology.


And that's what I do when you guys see me recharts you see me actually bounce around and I kind of hone in what my intuition is telling me to hone into so I really don't want to waste any more time. I want to Dive Right into this. I do have the Q&amp;A open during it. So if anybody needs me to clarify go ahead and do that, I'm going to run through this just like a manuscript and we'll get to the end where I'll be talking about ruler ships. And that's that's really like the in my opinion. That's what separates my methods from others, but also kind of sets us up so that we can really be amped to start actually interpreting energy. So let's get through the next couple of topics so that we can get those finish out those Basics and get into the interpretation foundations here.


so We're just going to jump in with the Angles and this is something that I wanted to get to into the basics. It's just like there's just so much information. So we're starting here with this and you'll notice here. This chart would be somebody who is a cancer Rising. This is the ascendant sign here. The four angles are the ascendant The Descendant the midheaven and the nadir.


And they have different names, but these are the main ones just to make it easy for you to remember the ascendant always sits in the first house. Remember we use in our method of reading. We always use whole Science House system if you've looked at placidus house system.


For example what you'll end up seeing.


Is that the ascendant instead of being in the first house floating around that it ends up being the first house cusp. So what I'm going to show you here is I'm going to switch over.


to the chart and then I'm going to open up plastidis so that I can just show you how the angles sit differently before I tell you what the angles actually mean.


So I'm going to this is whole signs and you'll notice I'm a Leo Rising.


And we're gonna get into deckons in today's class and my ascendant sits at 13 degrees 6 minutes, right? So this is where my ascendance sits.


This is in the first house meaning this this point can arbitrarily and I guess not arbitrarily but this point can float around anywhere within the first house. As soon as this ascended point would reach Virgo then the whole chart would shift and then Virgo would be my ascendant. It would move up and then Leo would be in my 12th house.


And you notice here that the mid Heavens at three degrees, but the cuspline is at zero same thing with the descendant now when you're using astro.com and some other software it only shows you the ascendant and the midheaven The Descendant and the IC are actually not shown.


They are shown with little blue lines, but they don't have the text there so it can be difficult as a beginner. If you're not sure. The easiest way is to understand that these are axes. Right so you have your ascended descendant axis. You have your mid Heaven knee deer axis, whatever degree. The ascendant is sitting at the descent is sitting at that exact place because it's 180 degrees away in the seventh house. The Descent is always in the seventh house the mid Heaven can float. We'll talk about that.


It's at three degrees which means the IC or the nadir is sitting down here at three degrees. And if you look here when I zoom in on my fourth house, you'll see Jupiter sitting right here. You'll see Zero Degrees 47 minutes for Jupiter. That's this blue line right here. This blue line has nothing written on the map. This is the IC and you'll look at the same thing. Here's the ascendant at 13 degrees.


In my seventh house. I have Vesta which is an asteroid. This will be we'll talk about Vesta in a different class. And then we have the moon. This is 25 degrees third twenty-three degrees. And then you see this blue dot or Dash or hyphen or whatever down here in the seventh house and this is my descendant. All right.


So when we're looking at these four points, this is where they sit and the reason why we're talking about these four points is these are like hot wires Meaning that when planets access these points, they're felt much stronger than just sitting in the first house or fourth or seventh or tenth house and you'll notice that the mid Heaven does float the IC does float which means that not every Leo Rising is going to have the same childhood.


It's not just the placement of the planets, but it's the IC meaning the childhood itself and let's just go ahead and jump into all that.


Because I have it written down for you.


Again, this PDF will be available for you after the class. I'll put it all together. So you have these materials as well.


So the ascendant you see here it can only be in the first house. This is just a reminder for you guys that no matter what chart you're looking at. It will always be in the first house and you know what I didn't do.


Let me jump back real quick to this. I wanted to show you placidus.


This is placidus real quick. So you'll see that the ascendant is still at 13 degrees. Nothing actually changes except the houses and that's why they're called House systems because what changes is where the cusp of each house sits and we talked a little bit about how systems in the last class. I'm not going to go over it anymore. You see that it's mine's not as odd as some people's right. The houses are not as Different in sizes, but if you go to extreme higher low latitudes and other places on the earth, you'll see that the first second and third house are tiny and then the fourth and 10th house take up like half the chart.


All right set my sound came out. Hopefully everything is good.


Okay, so you'll see here that the first house when you zoom in on this first house here in placidus is sitting at 13 degrees which means half of my Leo actually sits in the 12th house, even though the 12th house cusp is in cancer. Now, I learned on placidus and it took me a very long time to realize that I that the health system was part of the problem for reading accurately.


But I did learn on this I learned all about intercepted houses, which I actually don't have any but my wife does when I was doing her chart.


and seeing that some of these planets sit in different houses.


So for instance my Mercury sits in the 11th house in whole science it sits in the 10th house in placidus. My Uranus is in the fifth house and whole signs. It's in the fourth house in placidus.


And Jupiter is in the fourth house and it's in the third house in place. Now, some of these don't actually make that much of a difference because until we get into rulership and this is the key but because even at whole signs my Jupiter sits at zero degrees and we're gonna be talking about this today why orb of influence is so important this is coming up later in this In this class, you know, it's already affecting my third house. So moving it to the third house and putting it here right next to the cusp still affects third and fourth. So this particular planet Resonating in two different houses doesn't tell me that whole science or placidus is more accurate than the other because it kind of plays out. Similarly. There is a stark difference between Jupiter originating in the third house versus the fourth house, but without getting into those details one thing that really does pull it all together for me. Is that my childhood had a lot of video games?


So when you look at whole signs, like video games were staple. I'm not joking about that. It's not just like I played video games. No, that was my life art and video games were like and martial arts though. Those three things, right? So the fifth House of Fun and Recreation Sagittarius for exploration and then Neptune for media and Uranus here for electronics technology.


This is the video games in my chart when I move over to placidus, You'll notice and when we talk about orbs of influence, this will make more sense, but you'll notice that Uranus is at one degree.


But you see how far it is away from the the cuspline for the fifth house in the fifth house. We have Capricorn.


We have Sagittarius we have Neptune and then we have the ruler of of Sagittarius is Jupiter and that's over in the third house maybe pushing into the fourth house, but that's not video games. Like they would be a long stretch for me to include technology in this because I'm going to houses to get there. That would be like a byproduct so we can see just in my own chart just in video games also if we go up here, To Mercury Mercury in the 11th house in Gemini's thinking about all kinds of humanitarian things for the sake of being humanitarian.


Here in the tenth house. It would be thinking about humanitarian things as a career, which I don't have I'm not doing things for the Public Image. I actually have things tied to my IC that I want to do humanitarian.


So for me, that's two different ways immediately that I debunk class at this house system now, we're not going to talk anymore about that because we need to get over to this again. So the ascendant can only be in the first house.


What it is is the point the exact point in a constellation that was coming up on the Eastern Horizon the moment you took your first breath.


So when we go back to my chart.


In whole signs 13 degrees was the horizon line. And that was at 13 degrees. Basically the middle of Leo Leo was coming up over the Eastern Horizon and therefore creates my sunrise and then over here is my sun set but this is at the time I was born this is what was coming up at the time.


What it has to do with is physical body and appearance.


Now, the first house is the house of self. So when we're talking about the first house, we're always talking about your physical appearance. How you dress? How you how you look towards the world how you do things like your your initial reactions that we discussed in the first class, but this is specific to the physical body and how you dress specifically and when we get into deckons, it's gonna make a lot more sense, but Minds that 13 degrees, which is in the second deck in here. So a Jupiter vibe to my Leo Rising and this has to do with your physical presence on a Earthly Soul level which is different than the moon soul level.


And a lot of people a lot of astrologers a lot of you know resources books whatnot. They separate out the Moon is the only indication of the soul, but I actually see it as the moon the nodes the ascendant the IC it all kind of culminates it comes together. I don't think your soul is split into one planet.


But in terms of how you outwardly present yourself who you are in this world is the ascendant the first house is the house of self. But what happens to you directly is the ascendant.


It's also your self-awareness and first impressions again, when we get to deckons a lot of this is going to make a lot more sense, but self-awareness and first impressions. It's literally how you react to things and that couples with the first house ruler couples with Mars. They couples with the moon even once you start processing things emotionally, but the immediate gut knee-jerk reactions how you approach the world. Your foundation is the ascendant. So this is extremely important and a lot of people don't give the ascended a lot of credit what you hear all the time is that the ascendant is the mask you wear that could be the that couldn't be further from the truth. It has nothing to do with the mask. It literally is you and the ascendant in The Descendant have to do with how you are versus how you act with other people how you relate to other people. So when we get to the descendent again, it's the exact opposite because it's the same axis. It can only be stationed in the seventh house.


And it's how you handle direct one to one influence. It's your relationship with other people. How other people impact you when you are not engaging with people. This is what people see you as And what's weird is they always say is the ascendant that they see you as but that's not true. This is what they see you as here when you're not engaging so when you're sitting in a room and you're doing absolutely nothing and someone sees you it's your descended that they're seeing and The Descendants ruler and a few other things, but this is the main thing. So for me people see me as an aquarius not looking at my visuals just looking at how I act.


In in conversation from the outside and it's how I handle those things. The ascendant is how I react. So when I'm engaging in something when I'm putting my effort into something people will see your ascendant now, obviously there are certain planetary placements that will kind of mask this meaning if you're ascendant ruler is in the 12th house or the Eighth House. It could be that it's hard for you to be seen or that you intentionally hide your true self. But without that like deeper level the basics the foundation the umbrella it is your engagement and when you're not engaged and only doing like Minimal one to one here. It also has to do with your compatibility basis when you're talking about the people and the types of individuals the grounding the foundation for the type of relationship that you need and the type of people you need in your life. If you're a Leo Rising for instance that has an aquarius seventh house. You need friendship. If you are a libraizing you have Aries, you need a little bit of competition. If you're Sagittarius you have Gemini you need somebody who will communicate with you.


That's How The Descendant plays out and then obviously again if it's Gemini you'll look for mercury you'll see how that plays out and it also It will also give you the seventh house ruler will give you the conditions for which you get married because the seventh house is also the house of relationships in marriage. So where The Descendants sits will also tell you that as well.


And then they're unrealized Shadow qualities.


These are things about yourself that you don't see you. Don't see for instance. Leo risings tend not to see how Good of a friend they can be but also how detached they can be a Pisces Rising doesn't notice how much they give in terms of service to others, but they also sometimes don't realize how critical they are of other people.


And you can go around the entire zodiac there. You can find the positives and the negatives the pros and cons you can weigh that out. But the ascendant and The Descendant are those specific points in the chart.


That sit here opposite from each other first and seventh house that will guide you on understanding exactly how it is you work with other people and then you bring in the ruler ships in the aspects to it from there.


All right, so Now we're moving on to the IC and the mid habit. Now the icing in the mid Haven in placidus is always the start the IC is always the start of the fourth house and the MC is always the start of the tenth house. So in placidus the mid Haven always means the same thing as your tenth house meaning career reputation and so on but in whole science health system in the way that I interpret it.


It is a Soul's outward projection meaning that your 10th house rules your career the type of jobs that you have but the mid Heaven is the essence of who you have to be in that career. It is everything you want to project to get away from your childhood to bring in balance from what you experience as a child to what you need to experience in in your career in your life purpose.


So Taylor's asking what does it mean if they ruler of a house sits in that house? So for instance, if you have the seventh house here ruleship, which obviously we're gonna get to rulership a little bit later, but the ruler of the house sitting in the same house means that The focus is put back on on the theme. So if you are if you're a Capricorn rising, I'm sorry, if you're cancer rising and you have a Capricorn descendant and Saturn sits in the seventh house. That means that you're you're life goals are attributed back to having a relationship or working with other people or having authority over one to one relationships and one to one interactions. It just means that it's not bringing any other area of your life into Focus. It's kind of a compartmentalization until you bring aspects into it. It's a compartmentalization of that energy same thing with the 10th house Aries in the tenth house Mars being in the 10th house in Aries means that your focus is back on climbing the corporate ladder and it's all everything has to do with how you can achieve those goals specifically there.


You're not bringing in children. You're not bringing if it were the fifth house. You're not bringing creativity from the 12th house.


You're not bringing in communication from the Third house. It is strictly. I'm here I have work to do I've got goals and I'm going to climb those goals in anything that I have to do. I'm going to do I'm going to push forward to do that.


So the ruler in its own house just means that the themes of that house are put back into the same house.


It's I've seen some websites overcome over. Yes over complicate that it shouldn't be it shouldn't be that complicated and this is part of why I'm teaching this right is to make it not complicated.


Yeah, so let's move on to the IC.


So again the IC sits down here in my example that I created here. I put the mid heaven in the ninth house and the IC in the third house to just to illustrate the fact that it does not have to be the 10th and the fourth house. Although you will see it there often.


So when we go back here the IC is the mm Cole.


I'm sure I'm not saying that right but it's the Nay deer right? It's the southernmost point it literally translates to bottom of the sky whereas medium quality or mid-heaven translates to middle of the sky, which is not the highest point.


That would be the zenith.


So Melissa is asking if the Mint Heaven can be in the 11th house absolutely. So when we get here in a second, I see can be in the third fourth or fifth house the mid Heaven can be in the ninth tenth or 11th house in whole science health system.


And the reason why I mean aside from its accuracy, the reason why I really like whole signs is because your midheaven is not relegated to being directly career oriented. Meaning your outward purpose might not be to have a nine-to-five job or might not be to climb a corporate ladder or have fame or have notoriety or a positive Public Image or anything like that your outward expression in this lifetime may have to do with just networking and doing humanitarian efforts or working with groups. That would be the 11th house or it might have to do with your opinion and where you fit in the world and how you see things differently which would be your ninth house how your philosophy doesn't match other people so you kind of have to do things your way.


When we go back to the IC.


I'm gonna say this out of order, but the main thing that I look for in the IC is your childhood environment. It describes your childhood. Your IC is the point that anything that's on it will describe the most influential impactful types of energies that surrounded how you grew up especially in your first five to six issues of your life and it extends beyond that but it's the reason why I focus on it so much is because it's you know in the real world you're What is it synapses or whatever it is? You're this is where I need my wife just to give me the clinical version of it. But basically you don't have memories or many memories prior to five because your brain isn't formulated. It didn't click on yet. So you're kind of on not autopilot because you're still controlling it but you're not to the point where you know, your memory is set in and everything is ready to go you're cognition is not at full blast.


So I pay attention to the things that you might not know about your childhood, which are expressed through the IC your innermost feelings and privacy things that you do not share with other people and this is a little bit different than the Eighth House.


It's more about things that are private to you things that are like It's it's not that they need to be secret. It's that you know, there's unless someone really knows you and maybe even family might know you if the IC is in the fourth house, but if the eye sees in the third or fifth house, these are things from your childhood that either you did you acted you're just things you don't put out there on display and you can use these things toward your mid Heaven you can use these things toward your career whenever you want.


And it's the access to your deep emotional self. We're talking about some serious cancer type Vibes Moon type Vibes, but it's really how you connect to repressed memories lineage your ancestry familial Roots.


That's all tied into your IC. It's literally where you came from and if anyone does any sort of like akashic records or past life readings or anything like that. They use the IC along with the moon to kind of and sometimes the South node to pull all that together so that they can derive where you came from what type of energy you had prior to this lifetime. Obviously, you'd have to subscribe to that. But that that's what it's based off of is the IC now the IC in the third house has to do more with Communications in early childhood and your relationships with your siblings or cousins. Your fourth house is more about you know, how you Related to your family your mother and your physical home. And then the fifth house is more about your creativity your creative expression. It's a different element of your childhood and Recreation, but a lot of it has to do with creativity.


The fit the midheaven here. We already went over. This is the outward expression of internalized energy.


So again, this is the opposite of the IC the ICS everything you keep private the MCS everything you put out there. So some people say that they can see you as your mid have in placement.


and I don't know that I personally subscribe to that but it is the type of vibe that you give off in the workplace.


Yeah, I was thinking about going back to my chart. I will so for me.


My midheaven is in Taurus chiron's there and Venus is there so all about public reputation. This is kind of how this is how people see you in terms of the public. This is your Public Image. This is how you the seventh house is how you deal with the public but the 10th house is your reputation. So this is how they see you as a person not how they see how you act not how they see how you deal with other people but like their overall impression has to do with this.


Your life purpose and career Direction already kind of explained that career directions specifically because it's that outward. It's what you want to put out in the world. So sometimes some people say that they're doing XYZ for their career and then I look at their midheaven and a few other factors and I'm like really like it's not that often that people are that far off of it, but there's a lot of people who ignore their sun sign and their midheaven and those are extremely important one is happiness and one is how it expression.


Um, so I use that to kind of gauge what you'll be happiest in and the themes of how you have to make that energy work your tenth house tells me the field you'll be in but the mid Heaven tells me the themes of how you're going to do that how you're going to attain that career and what's important there?


If there are no Angie's asking if there are no other planets in house with the midheaven, what are you reference? So that's where you get into rulership's and then you take a look at where the ruler is placed in any aspects to that so we will be doing that a little bit later. Hmm But for instance for that doesn't work on my chart but let's say my mid Heavens here and the rulers in the 10th house. So this is the question that was asked earlier is is it happens in my chart? But if the mid Haven like for instance right now where I am?


The mid heaven in my relocated chart all this stays the same but my mid Heavens actually sitting here like 27 degrees Aries.


At that point there's nothing other part of Fortunes there but nothing else is in and the part of Fortune will be another class. By the way, when we do asteroids and Arabic Parts, but nothing else is in here.


There's no planets. So I would look to Mars because it rules Aries. So I would come down here and understand that I have a lot going on because I've got Mars Mars's connected to Mercury and Uranus in my chart. It's a try and in opposition Saturn has an in conjunction to my Venus, which is also it's ruler and it's also the ruler of the 10th house, which is interesting and then Pluto is sitting here and that is part of my kite, which is the Sun Moon Pluto and then Neptune which sits over here. So and then that brings in Jupiter this brings in that and then this brings in Mercury sitting in the same house. So for my relocated chart it brings in a lot of things which is why the most Successful, I've been on a positive transformative level is where I live now.


And I used Astro cartography to get here. And again that'll be another class. This astrology goes ridiculously deep and there's so many tools when it's used right.


But anyway, that's how you would do it. So everything, you know involved in my ninth house midheaven brings in the third house and then everything else through linking.


And also like I talked about this but your social standing in reputation. That is the point the mid Heaven is the point of how people see you and how your reputation goes.


so very interesting energy there. So I'm going to go into retrograde planets now and I I threw this in here because I just feel like nobody ever talks about it.


and people constantly talk about I don't want you reading that yet people constantly talk about how bad retrogrades are and if you've seen my videos then you know that I'm a big fan of retrogrades because it presents opportunities to not be going full steam in the energy of whatever Planet we're talking about and to actually stop and pause and redirect your energy and it makes sure the a your life is not monotonous but be that you're not going down a path that's gonna lead to nothingness, especially when Saturn's retrograde because Saturn's like hey, you know, take a deep dive and look inside. What are you doing?


To make sure that you are doing the things you need to do and you always hear about.


Retrogrades in terms of aspects right? And that's what I'm talking about right now is Saturn's going retrograde Mercury is going retrograde which literally just says anything that has to do with Mercury type stuff service to others can't Communications contracts anything that's involving that to like take a second and because it rules Virgo go look at at the details and go make sure that everything is the way you want it to be and if there's anything wrong fix it because it's not that mercury is making those things happen. Although it does it does make those things happen, but it presents opportunities I buy things.


Mercury retrograde actually the television That you see in some of my videos 85 inch TV that's out there a lot of money and it wasn't on sale when I bought it, but I wanted the TV and then I realized there's a Mercury retrograde coming up. So I walked right back into Best Buy. I drove my butt over there parked walked right back in there walked over and said I knew it the thing was like $700 off. So I went right over to customer service. I said, hey this TV, I just bought like two weeks ago is now seven or eight hundred dollars off and they just said, okay and they gave me my money back. But if I didn't pay attention to Mercury retrograde and I just thought they were bad things then I wouldn't have done that because I wouldn't have known that mercury retrogrades can be positive the last car we bought we negotiated like I don't remember how much thousands of dollars off and it was a lease.


You know, you can do so many things with a Mercury retrograde now again.


That has to do with the transits people talk about transits all the time. What they don't talk about is what happens when you're born with a retrograde and it's so hard to find a lot of information on this.


Hold on Taylor's asking so monthly forecasts are for specific rising signs are not accurate because it doesn't take into account your own chart and ruler shifts and aspects no shade to those videos. I'm generally genuinely wondering laugh out loud, correct. So what you want to do what sometimes I'll do forecast videos, right and I'll talk about I haven't broken them down into science, but I could because I could talk about the area of life that it would be impacted, but you have to realize that it's a generalization.


and it may or may not impact you it'll always kind of come up because we're talking about certain areas of life. So if we're talking about the transit energies here and we're talking about, you know, Mercury's here. The sun's here Pluto's here Saturn and Jupiter are doing this with each other, you know creating this type of aspect.


And then we talk about what area of life based off. If you're a Virgo Rising. It'll be in your sixth house.


If you're a you know cancer Rising it'll be over in another house.


Those are thematic. They're not specific to you.


So while if they're done properly, they're not wrong. They're not bad. They're just not personalized and that's the trouble I always have with horoscopes is that people think that because of horoscope says something and sometimes they'll make that horoscope sound extremely specific.


And I don't know why they do that because it's not it has to be generalized because if you don't have a planet sitting there or what if you have a stellium sitting there it's going to be completely different on how it plays out. So Yeah, no shade to people who do those who do those accurately but they're not personalized and this is why you want to learn astrology for yourself because if I switch back over here.


And I go to the Chart selection. I just make sure we're talking so tomorrow.


Might actually be now.


If I hit transits, by the way, you can always go to horoscopes on astro.com and go to current planets and it will pull up everything accurately. So you don't have to worry about if these like, especially the moon because the moon moves so quickly if you're not sure if this is sitting like right now or if it's tomorrow's energy or whatever you can look at current planets.


And you can see that the Moon is sitting at 25 degrees and you want to know the funny thing is 25 degrees is right here on my Chiron, right? And I knew that this would be you know a thing for this class, but it doesn't really bother me because I'm using it as healing and I'm using this healing aspect because I know that I can give you guys a lot of information that you can use to make really, you know, amazing lives for yourself. Obviously, you need to put in real world energy and discipline and whatnot. But Knowing these energies is extremely important. You'll notice I have Uranus over my Venus, you know, as I have the moon directly right this instant over my Chiron.


And just understanding those energies are important. But if we just talked about the moon in in Taurus or the moon in the 10th house.


then Chiron wouldn't even be a thought because if I didn't know that I had Chiron right where the Moon is. I wouldn't know that this was this would be activating a semi-sex style. Actually, I wouldn't count as semi-sex top, but I would count a queen kunk's over here to both Pluto and Neptune this actually activating my yard right now.


Which is extremely interesting, I think.


Do aspects to your Chiron effect.


The moon trans over it. Yes.


And that's what we're going to talk about in another class. But yes, you know and that's my biggest issue with the apps.


by the way The apps will tell you they are personalized right and they'll say oh moon half of them don't even talk about Chiron but let's say they did Moon over your Chiron means this and then you move on but the problem is again the moon going over my Chiron means Chiron is creating a square to my moon is creating a Queen kunks to my Neptune creating another Queen kunks to my Pluto.


What about all that?


It doesn't take into account any of that. So it doesn't talk about it only talks about the 10th house or Taurus energy. But what about my seventh house? What about my fifth house? What about my third house? What about all these energies in here? And this is where we're gonna get into ruler shifts and why it is so important for me to teach you this stuff and why it's personal it is my My system and when I do these readings for you guys either live private readings whatnot. The reason I can get so accurate and go so many levels in is because of this system that I created. So let's keep going so I can get you get to that part here.


So what I want to tell you here, I'm just gonna I'm not gonna spend too much time on this. I just want to get this out there.


So you'll have the PDF so that you can kind of dive deeper, but I just want you to understand that retrogrades in your own birth chart, and I know because I mean you can just go down here.


And look if you look at my planets here retrograde retrograde retrograde retrograde retrograde retrograde two directs retrograde retrograde.


So I have so much here which are lessons. They're karmic lessons that you're supposed to learn.


And it's important to understand what they mean. So I'm just going to go through the main.


The sun cannot be retrograde.


I don't know if anybody's gonna ask me that but just to put it out there the sun in the moon cannot go retrograde. The moon always goes in the same same path same orbit because retrograde has to do with the point of view the perspective from Earth planets don't actually travel ever backwards. They're always moving in perpetual motion, but our perspective as our orbits go around is that when it crosses like this that it appears to be going the other direction that's what a retrograde is and because of that appearance of energy because astrology is all about perspective.


It it creates an internalization of energy. So when we talk about Mercury retrograde, it's not that mercury is doing things backwards. It's that it's effects are Inward and that is what's causing all of the issues. It's not working the way it normally works. It works inward.


I guess you could say in Reverse, but it's not really a reversal thing.


So we're when you have Mercury retrograde in your natal chart, I'm just going to read this off because I just want to get through it. But you absorb thoughts and ideas through repetition and osmosis rather than deliberate study as somebody who's born with a Mercury retrograde. I know exactly what this feels I have to do it once I do it and once I've done it a couple times I've got it, but if I read it in a textbook that was terrible in school.


you know, I was sitting in the advanced placement courses classes and the thing about advanced placement classes at least in my school is that they just gave you a bunch more books to read and they just kind of oh, look at that a typo. I got to fix that. See that's also my mercury in my Mercury Gemini there.


I can't learn like that. I have to learn through applications. So even when I taught myself astrology I had to learn by doing charts do a chart do a chart do a chart every time I see something. Okay, that doesn't make sense. That makes sense. Okay discard this move this that's how a Mercury retrograde Works you're constantly editing reviewing and rethinking replaying it over in your mind. It just keeps cycling until it makes sense in your mind and it clicks you think out of the box you think in non-linear patterns and sometimes numbers so people who have Mercury retrograde in their chart will think abstractly you don't get from you know question to answer in a straight linear pattern you kind of do this until you get to it or sometimes you'll go into like this like, The quantum realm to get there and people like I don't know how you got that answer is like it doesn't matter and this can make it really difficult. If you have a child with a Mercury retrograde it can make it really difficult for them to show their work in school, especially in math class because they're not doing it the way they learned it that way but then in their mind, they're like there's an easier way. I found a better way and then you know, They can't they can always get the right answer but they can't get the answer the way that you did it because your that your way doesn't make sense to them.


And then they the people with Mercury retrograde are the ones who constantly they're critical thinkers. They constantly question what other people say and sometimes that could be annoying but it's a it's a defense mechanism. It's because Mercury works inwardly retrograde Venus with my little typo here.


Is the way that you you view pleasure and love is different.


It's more of an inward process.


Beauty as well. You might have different beauty standards different way that you apply Beauty and Love In general the type of Partnerships you have and what you need from a partnership isn't as obvious on the outside. It's a very internalized thing and if you have Venus retrograde you have to make sure you're communicating these things because people don't do not understand that.


They're less concerned for things that are the social norm. And sometimes they'll seek unconventional. It's kind of a uranium aspect here.


Their Styles their friends their Partners people that they they associate with they look for people who are different. They look for people who are not just Surface pretty on the surface or like relatable in the surface. They're looking for something more that something inward that connects outward for them retrograde Mars.


They end up not being as competitive outwardly because they end up often in competition with themselves. This is a tough thing for Retrograde Mars as they're always competing with themselves. Now if you use it appropriately or use it positively then you're constantly one upping yourself and you're sending personal records and you're you know, you're not judging yourself for not being outwardly competitive you are competitive. It's just that instead of competing with other people you're competing with yourself.


The one of the things to look out for is that you've tend with this retrograde you tend to internalize your anger and it leaks out instead of expressing what's wrong you'll hold it in you'll bottle it up and it comes out in when you least expect it and you have to look where Mars is and what house like if it's in the seventh house you're taking it out on your partner or if it's in Libra you're taking out on your partner. If it's in the first house you could be taking out anyone or just in the actions that you do like if you start hammering something and you're you got this repressed anger you start hammering harder like just building a chair or something.


We move forward here. Those are the personal planets. By the way. These are the giant planets Jupiter and Saturn here.


Sometimes they're referred to as the outer planets as part of the outer planets, but I see them as semi-generational Jupiter moves a sign, you know, depending on retrogrades and whatnot. But usually, you know, seven months to a little over a year Saturn is usually two to two and a half years. So I don't see these as generational planets or outer planets, even though technically the Milky Way, they are the outer planets. I just refer to him as giant planets.


If you have Jupiter in retrograde, you're capable of taking advantage of opportunities others ignore a pass by meaning. You see luck where others don't see luck or opportunity. You say I don't why aren't you doing that? I see like if you did that I feel like you could do this this and this that's kind of a Jupiter retrograde.


They prefer to take another crack at things that others have tried and failed. So.


You have to realize that these people are this can go both ways. It can go something. That's obviously didn't work. It obviously is a failure these people can try and try it again thinking that there is some way to make it work and then other times it works out in a very positive way where it's like that would have worked but the person who did it didn't do it right or didn't try something different or whatever. So these are these are people who want to do that.


They don't they don't want to give up.


Moral and ethical code religion philosophy of their own they don't conform outward.


They seek answers from within they're always asking themselves questions philosophically to find an answer experience has to be their own experience as well.


They're not they don't care as much as other people's for other people's experiences as much as their own.


And they seek abundance in new untied and unproven areas.


So they're not these type of people Jupiter with retro or people with Jupiter retrograde aren't looking to do the same thing as everybody else. They forged their own path and usually in areas that are untested.


Melissa says well, I've never related as much as I do to Jupiter retrograde which I have. Yeah, a lot of people there's no information all they talk about here is like I said, they talk about retrograde as the transit and it's important to know that but transits and your natal chart are very different. They have nothing to do with each other one impacts the other the only way it's the same is the moment you took your first breath because that outward energy those trance.


It's become your natal chart, but outside of that.


It's not unless you're starting a new business because those transits then become your business your election will chart again, electional charts and businesses will be a different class retrograde Saturn. These people may doubt their worthiness as human beings. This is a really really tough one. I have this I also have Chiron in Taurus which does not make it easy, but this retrograde here retrograde in Saturn It's really tough because you feel like you don't have authority over anything. All your Authority is Inward and you're seeking Authority constantly from yourself. And if you don't have worth and you're especially if your Venus your Taurus is ill aspected. This is where a lot of people are like constantly depressed or constantly, like some people will view these people as lazy because they just feel like what's the point? I can't do anything. This is a really tough retrograde to have trust me. I know.


They may avoid taking responsibility for their mistakes and be fearful of taking chances. They could it can be really tough. And a lot of people have this retrograde Saturn here.


This is where you blame other people now if you've worked on it, like I have like 20 years ago, I wasn't okay with this anymore and I started just accepting blame for everything not everything because you don't want to go the other side of the spectrum but things I new were my fault just accept them just own up to it.


But when I was younger, I never wanted to be blamed for something because I always thought that it may it always diminish myself worth and that's the thing is they're so afraid of losing any sort of reputation respect or authority that they they blame somebody else so that that's taken off of their chest so they don't get stuck down or wrong because that's how Saturn and Capricorn energy is they think in wrongs and Milestones and they don't want to go backward.


There's a sub often a subconscious fear of rejection and loss limitation and then you have to see what house we're talking about limitations and burdens are self-imposed late bloomers.


Now late bloomers, wherever Saturn sits in your chart, you're already a late bloomer. But Saturn retrograde kind of makes you even more so a late bloomer you have more lessons to learn on your inward Authority and how you can be the authority over yourself to be even able to exert authority over anybody else or in any area of your life. So it takes a lot longer to learn these lessons. If you have a child with retrograde Saturn you want to work on this you want to make sure that they have self-worth that they feel like the things that they can do are supported especially if there are Leo placements involved with Saturn here because they will feel Less than and obviously you don't want that as a parent.


Yeah, Saturn retrograde is very common.


Angie says I need to learn this 20 years ago.


Like I said, I don't understand why no one talks about this. It is so important and there's so much misinformation and there's so much just like passivity over this topic and it's so important to understand especially like if you have half of your planets are in retrograde, you need to understand what they mean.


Danielle, can you walk through how you got your chart in?


Whatever site you're using. I want to follow along using my chart. I'll do this real quick. I teach this in the first class, but real quick. It's astro.com astro.com, and then you'll go in the menu to Extended chart selection, which will pull up this.


Here and for just quick make sure your birth info is loaded in here the date doesn't matter because we're not doing as we're not doing transits right now and under zodiac and houses if it's not expanded make sure you expand it.


And then it may be on default or placidus go down a whole signs and make sure whole science is activated. The rest doesn't really matter and you can use either the green button at the top or the green button at the bottom which isn't showing on your screen, but there's one at the top and bottom click that it'll show your chart and then this is what you'll have.


All right, and let's talk about the true outer planets or the generational planets here, which are Uranus Neptune in Pluto. I do want to stress again that people who do Hellenistic Vedic or Traditional astrology do not use these three planets, which I think is ridiculous. These planets have like obvious specific meanings and impacts on our lives, but you know, they stick to what was known and here's the thing and why I teach astrology, I don't know everything.


You don't know everything the textbooks don't know everything and certainly the people from 2000 years ago didn't know everything.


So as we learn new planets exist or comets or asteroids or fixed Stars.


Mathematical points degree Theory any of this as we come across the accuracy of learning this we need to implement it. Now this can go to far and one way it's going too far is modern astrologers are trying to make Chiron the ruler of Virgo.


and there is a healing and health-esque aspect to Chiron but it has nothing to do with organization or employees or day-to-day life or work or any of that so This is why you know just have to be careful what you're learning out there. And when you're coming up with your own theories, make sure you're rounding it out meaning everything that you're talking about everything that you're theoreticizing. It all makes sense that your hypothesis cannot be proven untrue. That's the whole science of it astrology is a science and anyone who says otherwise has never actually pulled up a chart looked at numbers looked at degrees looked at aspects and more importantly you've never looked in an ephemeris and more importantly than that. You've never done this long form now admittedly. I haven't done this long form because why would I when you can take an ephemeris and you can chart out the mapping of all the planets and all the aspects if you really wanted to or you can use the software the software's all based on an ephemeris.


Which is the mapping out of planetary positions, but let's get back into generational Planet meanings for retrogrades Uranus if your Uranus is in retrograde, then you are just a natural born Rebel not only is Uranus rebellious, but you internally and like the Deep part of you a rebellious now, this can be good, but it can also get yourself into trouble because you rebel against everything especially Authority.


Strong reformer instincts for everybody else. You're always trying to help other people fix themselves or live a better life, which can come across humanitarian. But obviously you want to be careful that you're not just telling people how to be these folks have a strong inner need and desire to persistently test their personal abilities against those of others because they're always looking for change always trying to break the system. That's what urine is always is but they're always trying to do it for themselves. They must constantly prove themselves to themselves. This is kind of like Mars.


Retrograde where you're it's like goes Inward and your competition is you but this is Uranus. It's always your proving yourself to yourself. You're trying to make it seem as though your structure your foundations and everything you're doing makes sense to yourself and then you'll test yourself by like throwing something out of work out of whack or just trying to divert and do something differently just to prove that you can sustain it.


Retrograde Neptune this one really tough too. You can be confused inwardly as to whether they're virtuous or not. You might not know if you're a good person or not with a Neptune retrograde. You can make it very difficult to tell are you a good person or are you doing something you're supposed to be doing?


Persistently seeking to help others whether the help is wanted or not. Obviously, you have to be careful there super generous super helpful always looking out for the underdog because you feel like the underdog but sometimes you're looking for that quality in other people and trying to offer help that is not that is unsolicited.


more susceptible more easily taken advantage of by others and that is simply because there's an illusional quality of how you see yourself and how you view yourself and you always want to help everybody else because you have a utopian View On your it's like a savior complex and you have to be careful. Like you could be a savior type person, but you have to be you know, you don't want to push that out on other people and then retrograde Pluto half the population has this because Pluto stays in retrograde for so long. It's very difficult time accepting transformation or fully accepting death. These are people who have issues with mortality on one, you know, one run or another and they have a really hard time with with change and I don't mean Like changing their mind or changing direction. It's more like the things that they've done and the things that they want to accomplish and realizing that sometimes things come in and really disrupt your world. And even if it's pushing you towards a positive path that could be really difficult to accept that because you don't understand transformation and that transformation also because it's retrograde comes from a very deep Place very up, you know very much a sense of upheaval.


That comes from such a deep. It's not a wound or anything like that. It is karmic.


But it can really disrupt your world here.


And then the question their own personal power and unaware of their effect on others and I see this all the time I have this again is you don't realize that it mines in the third house. I don't realize that when I say things to people that it actually like it doesn't just go here but it goes here and then Coach like deep down and it either cuts to the core of them if I'm you like when I was younger when I used to say things off the cuff that were just like slash attacks or when I meet somebody and I'm just in the middle of conversation and I'll say something and it'll just resonate at such a deep level. I'm unaware that I have that ability.


I just I don't I don't see it. And that's that's just part of this retrograde is that you had such an internalized power that you you're more powerful in some ways. Once you accept that you're powerful and then can put that power outwardly.


But personal power not realizing that you can do the things that you can do, especially within the area that Pluto sits in your chart. So those are the retrogrades again. I just feel that they're extremely important and when you're reading a chart it just kind of adds additional information so that you can just understand somebody on a deeper level that their Mercury might not play out the same as somebody else's Mercury so I would I would kind of Commit This to Memory a little bit just so you understand that retrogrades are internalized and natal retrogrades are different than Transit retrogrades.


I'm gonna Dive Right into deccan's it's super easy again. I'm just gonna read through this because there's not much to it deckons not deacons deccans. I don't know why people are pronouncing it deacons. It's not a member of the church. It's based off of deca meaning 10. So it's Deca and deca and Deccan but every zodiac sign is comprised of 30 degrees.


I don't remember if we went through that on the first class, but I'm just gonna take an empty house here.


5 10 15 20 25 30 degrees here and you'll notice that when you have traditional deck in selected that the first 10 degrees has a glyph then the next 10 then the next 10.


So each deck in is a 10 degree subdivision within a sign. So here's one sign, you know, 10 degrees 10 degrees 10 degrees 30 total. You see it the next sign same thing.


When we go back here each deck in matches, the current sign that is highlighted or in question or off topic the next two decades in that same sign are the next of the same element in order.


Now I'm going to show you what that means because I want you to fully understand it because it's very easy concept, but if you have an issue learning in this method, I'm going to show you visually.


Pisces here And remember these are traditional deckons. So the first Tekken is the same as the sign meaning. This is Pisces Pisces. And you see this is the sign for Neptune not Pisces because it's the planet it could be the sign but it's showing the planet that is the ruler here. So it is Pisces Pisces when you go around the Zodiac wheel.


Pisces at the 12th house.


But sorry Pisces usually sits at the 12th house. Remember everything goes counterclockwise. So the next one here would be cancer. So when we look here we see that the moon or cancer is the second deck in and then as we continue on the next one will be Scorpio before it gets back up to Pisces and there we have it Scorpio, which is ruled by Pluto so you can read it. However you want you could say that it is the Neptune deck in of Pisces the moon deck in a Pisces the Pluto deck in a Pisces or you can say net Neptune Neptune.


I'm sorry Pisces Pisces Pisces cancer Pisces Scorpio It doesn't really matter how you say it. I'm telling you both ways of saying it because if you're reading up on deccans, you may see it in either way often, you'll see Pisces Pisces Pisces cancer Pisces Scorpio.


We go into Aries same thing, right? So if I go back over here to Aries the next one.


The first one is Aries ruled by Mars the second one if I keep going around is Leo.


So you see Leo the Sun and then the next one would be Sagittarius or Jupiter. We see Jupiter right here as the ruler of Sagittarius. So these are the three decades. Remember the first Decon is always the purest form the first 10 degrees of the purest form meaning it's always the same as we go to Taurus. It's Taurus Venus.


Or the Venus deck of Taurus or Taurus Taurus.


Gemini Gemini cancer cancer you get the point.


If we go back over here to Pisces, it's actually you know, what? I'm gonna do. I'm just gonna go over here. So my ascendant is at 13 degrees. So it is Leo Sagittarius. If I was up here, it'd be a Leo Leo if I was down here be a Leo Aries, ironically my daughter my almost two year old. She's here. I'm here and my wife is down here. So we actually Encompass three Leo risings with all three decades within our house and you can see how they play off.


I'll tell you what that actually means in just a moment.


Hmm, so it's always the same element meaning water water. If you're in Pisces, if you're talking about Leo, then it's it's fire fire again in order. So I hope that was clear and the example. I already showed you here. So what a deckon does is it adds further detail to the position of each planet within the Zodiac wheel. It's very important that in our system of learning that we use traditional / modern deckons. They're actually modern deckons, but when you go to And let's go in here. When you go to cast a chart on Astro it says traditional deckons right there, right? So that's clicked for me.


Chaldean deckons that you see here are something very different. I'm going to tell you what that is in a second.


I don't even bother with this one manelius. I don't deal at that one traditional deck is what I use and that's how we get the chart that I have.


Close that out. Boom.


Uh, Chaldean deckons are a ranking of planets by speed up till Saturn. So Saturn being the slowest one is in order and then the Moon being the fastest one will be at the other end. They are not in any order other than my speed now, I have tested cowday and deccans and they I don't why would you do that? It has it just doesn't play out. You guys can always test it right. You don't have to take my word you can sit there and you can switch everything over.


Here you could go to to whoops to Astro we could go back here and you'll notice that if I switch over to Chaldean.


that's you'll see Venus.


Here, so, it's Mars the Sun.


Which is normal, but then you'll see Venus here instead of Jupiter.


And then if you go to Pisces it start instead of starting with well, it doesn't use Neptune. Right it only use a Saturn.


So use the Saturn here even though Jupiter.


Is the traditional ruler of Pisces it starts with Saturn. Anyway, it really doesn't make any sense. And this is why I don't use it. It's confusing and more importantly than it being confusing is that it just doesn't work if you actually use it and and play around with it. It doesn't play that way. So the whole purpose here is to say that And what's the easy one to use?


So my Saturn I guess my Saturn placement here, which is in retrograde. So I would need to know how that plays out at 15 degrees is sitting in the Uranus deck in of Libra. That's how I would naturally say at the Uranus deck of Libra because I apply uranium themes because I think in terms of planets more than I think in terms of signs.


Just because it's always planet sign house to me. Even though houses are extremely important. I need to know what we're dealing with. So it's uranium. So basically my Saturn is a Libra Aquarian Saturn.


But to me, that's more confusing because my mind doesn't work.


That way. I work again in planets. So if it's easier for you to do the other way, that's fine. But it's all the same thing. I just do Uranus deck of Libra if somebody asks me if I'm looking it up. Yes. My Saturn is a Libra Aquarian Saturn but it just means that instead of it just being pure Libra energy that it is has a flavor of uranium and traits to it.


Whereas my Mars at five degrees is a pure Libra energy and my Pluto is a Gemini energy.


So my Pluto has to do with communication.


My Pluto energy has to do with potentially siblings.


And actually it it did.


with this Saturn sitting here in Uranus means that my work would have Uranian traits meaning I work in teams.


I work one-on-one in teams. I work one-on-one online.


What am I doing? Right now? I work one-on-one or with the public or in my own business with networking, which is what I do. If you guys hear me talk about the types of businesses we have and how we run them. It's all through networking.


And then that all aspects other things bring in, you know other people's research and whatever we'll talk about all of how that works. But that is that is deckons. They're pretty simple if I have to do another class or a refresher course or anything like that. I'll do it but decades are pretty it's just a flavor. So you're still reading like if you have a planet in Aries, you're still reading Aries energy. But if you want more detail, then you go into the deck and just to highlight what flavor of Aries are we talking about? So if you're talking about just Mars Mars Aries or Aries Aries, then it's just pure areas energy. If you're talking about the sun. Then you have to add a little bit of drama a little bit of entertainment a little bit of ego or personality into the Aries energy. And then Jupiter would be the third one you be offering like teaching travel culture things like that higher education learning.


So let me switch back to here. So that's pretty simple. All right, this is the meat meat and potatoes. We're getting in here. So making good time.


That would be so confusing in.


I don't have the rest of that statement Angela.


That would be so confusing in.


I'm gonna wait a second to see if there's the rest of a sentence.


In plow. Oh and placidus. Oh God, I'm gonna show it to you because I think you're bringing up a valid point. We've debunked Plaza this a hundred times, but I'm gonna show you what ends up happening.


So you do have the what's the easiest one? You're you're saying?


That's not even these one six house roller.


Sixth house ruler. Sorry, you couldn't see that sixth house ruler here in Placid is sitting in Capricorn. That's actually no different. My six house is Capricorn and it is sitting at I have to Look at it. That's right. This doesn't show me.


So it's sitting roughly at 13 and a half degrees. So right on myself node in placidus, which that could be extremely confusing because you're like You have to go find the exact minutes for that. And I mean you have to do that. Anyway, even in whole signs of it sitting at zero or 29 degrees, but it's a lot more obvious than it is here. But anyway, that means my sixth house is actually sitting here in.


The Taurus Deccan and that would actually mean that my work.


Has really not fair because my tenth house is Taurus, but my work will be specific to like Taurus types themes. What's what's one, that's not so obvious.


This seventh house. So my seventh house would be Gemini. That means my main.


Aspects to communication or to to relationships would always be communication wouldn't be in within friendship communication within friendship thing is I don't actually talk to my friends that often. I have very few friends and even with my partner. Yes, I do communicate with my partner a lot.


Um, but it doesn't that's because my descendant is sitting there so actually doesn't help either.


But you get the point. It does become very difficult. Especially when you're talking about half of this deck in is sitting in here, which I think is more what you're talking about in half of this deck and sitting over here again, the last like two minutes of me rambling about my chart proves why it can be difficult for some people who resonate with their placitas over their whole science because some of the things I just said, Um, you know, like I said my descendants to the seventh house is really I shouldn't have used that but you know, I could use the 12th house twelve houses, you know, my the themes of creativity and spirituality is Pluto is transformation.


Again, I can't do much my freaking North Node.


Second house of making money. Sorry is sitting here in the Mercury Deccan. So this is all Pure Energy here for making money.


And you know it it just it doesn't sit there as like I'm not organized with money at all actually and that's that a lot has to do with this here. I haven't I have an in conjunct here with my Venus and my Saturn that is far more important than this sitting right here because this is actually a lie.


I am not organized with money. This aspect takes over but my second house of how I make money is not always through service to others although again up here my phoenixes and the the Virgo decking so the way I debunked it earlier is the best way because now every time I pick something it's not it's shown somewhere else, right? But like I said, where's my video games? Where are my video games? Where are they at? They're gone video games are such a staple still is a staple. We have two video game stations in our house because video games are super important and we're starting a gaming company.


So it this this is gone anyway moving on but yes, you are absolutely right is extremely confusing for no freaking reason in placidus.


Exactly was talking about coming Midway at the start of house. Yeah, I mean classes just I always like the idea that we all had different cusps for our houses. But then once you put it into practice, it really doesn't matter because all the aspects all the placements all the ruler ships, you know that matters more.


So let me get into this. This is like I said the meat and potatoes. This is the bulk of it. This is how you start interpreting.


And this is we're not interpreting much in this class. That's gonna be the next the next one the one after but these are the foundations so that you're gonna get a step closer to being able to actually interpret something so it's not just memory here, but we have the sun. I just wanted to show you the relationship astronomically of the planets because it's extremely important and people who talk about Orbs of influence which is what we're about to get into do not talk about this in orbs of influences. One of the most important things in my opinion when it comes to To actually reading a chart. I have a lot of things rulerships being one, but orbs of influence being another the sun is huge. But it's also not a dense. It's a fireball it's not that so it acts a little bit differently. It pulsates a bit more. So the sun kind of does this a bit more than the other planets, but the sun is huge. It's the biggest planet.


Obviously it's a star but in astrology it is a planet. The Moon is also a planet and astrology. We know that it's not it's a satellite.


But the sun's huge it is the biggest one has the biggest orb of influence, but I wanted to show you the relationship of the sizes. Here's the Earth and I put the moon because the moon's in here the moon in Pluto are roughly the same size. I can't remember which one's bigger. I almost want to say. The Moon is bigger, but moon in Pluto are roughly the same size.


You see Pluto back here. You see the difference between Pluto and Neptune and Uranus and then you see the size difference between Saturn and Jupiter here.


And how they play out, right so Mercury Venus Mars. Here's your little You know.


Pictogram or whatever this is right and I just wanted to show you this because when we talk about orbs of influence think to the size of the planet think to how close the planet is to us because that is basically why the orbs of influence work the way they do.


Let's just get right into it here. They are. I just these are arbitrary. These are what I currently use and as I study more and more and more.


They're fairly accurate, but I know that they're not perfectly accurate and I'm still determining what the exact is. But from this point, I think they're important to know but just to understand that I might be a little off with some of these but basically these are what I use when I'm talking about it. So Mercury this I'm sorry the sun 8 to 10 degrees. It's a huge orb of influence and we're talking about orbs influence. We're talking about both directions.


So it's it's technically 16 to 20 degrees from like for the entire span, but when we're talking about orbs of influence, we're talking about from the degree in IH each either direction here.


So the Mercury is two to three Venus five to six. The Moon is two to three degrees and these are for natal and Transit as well.


Three to four for Mars seven and eight for Saturn and Jupiter Uranus and Neptune three to five four ish for Neptune and then two to three degrees and it might even be less for Pluto.


I've noticed that Pluto kind of dips in it's interesting Pluto how Pluto plays out but these are the orbs influence. Like I said, you'll have this.


I find it so fascinating when I look up orbs of influence that the some.


Some websites have the Sun at like five degrees.


And or Saturn at five degrees and I know for a fact that it's about seven and a half degrees, but the five degrees and like I looked at my Saturn return right before this class actually and looked at what time in my Saturn return would have five degrees been and nothing was happening at that point. That would have been a start of a sat at return like not there wasn't I was already in it. It was clear that I was already in a survive degrees is clearly wrong.


I've seen them all the way up to like the Sun at 15 to 20 degrees. I'm just like that means it's always spanning between multiple houses if that were the truth. So this is what I use when I do my readings it's been pretty accurate up to this point, but I know that I can get this even better even closer.


Taylor what if for example Mercury is in Saturn's or of influence, but Saturn is not you think like me is not in Mercury's does it work like that? So Saturn will be influencing Mercury Mercury will not be influencing Saturns the way I've seen it now, I'm still testing that's a theory of mind that I've been working on of if Saturn's energy is reaching into Mercury's does mercury somehow reach in and it only reaches in the way that I've seen it as far as Okay, so How do I best explain this visually, I don't have a visual for this question because it's popped up now.


So if Saturn's orb of influences here and it's reaching Mercury and Mercury is here, then this is Saturn without Mercury. And then this is Saturn with Mercury. Both of them are influenced in this area. I hope that makes sense to you.


But it Mercury would not be fully aspecting or influencing rather all of Saturn.


Saturn would be influencing which is extremely important to understand too because as the planets do have different speeds. So as one comes up on the other one Saturn's actually reaching out to Mercury as mercury is coming along in a Transit before Mercury can impact anything that Saturns doing so Sanders actually putting restrictions on Mercury before Mercury can get there and tell Saturn. What's the what?


So that's how that kind of plays out.


Not this this. Okay. So that's this and then this is kind of I just wanted to do a quick visual of what these would look like.


Right? So like I said, it's not It's not the total. So when we're talking about the moon two to three degrees is not all of it. It's from the center point. So moon is sitting here. What was its 10 degrees ish?


10 degrees here two to three degrees this way two to three degrees this way.


Jupiter same thing seven and a half to eight degrees seven and a half day degrees this way seven and a half to eight degrees this way. So you're talking about 15 to 15 to 16 degrees total But all we care about is the orb of influence this side and then this side so as this will be in the next class, but as transits are coming up.


As it's coming up here. It's called applying.


Meaning this planet is is applying its energy onto Saturn or I'm sorry. I don't want to Jupiter and as it hits here, it's a direct conjunction. And then as it passes forward, it's it is separating meaning it's losing its influence Mercury is taking the lead and when I discuss aspects, that's another thing that nobody talks about which is a is a applying and separating and why that matters and the biggest. I hope I remember to do this now that I'm announcing it, but the biggest example that I can bring to you is the great conjunction between Saturn and Jupiter a couple years ago.


And why once that conjunction actually happened it got easier even though they were within each other's orb of influence. It's because Jupiter began to take the lead. So Jupiter actually had the say over what happened and then its energy spilled back into Saturn even the Saturn was reaching reaching out for Jupiter.


timing Direction and placement matter and nobody talks about it again. Another reason why I developed this system because it matters when we come over here and we look at my third house.


For instance not in plastis. Ew.


Get that out of here. We look at my third house here again. I'll be talking about this more later. You'll notice none of these planets are within an orb of influence.


All right. This means that these planets are not a stellium. I forgot to do it a slide on that but these are not a stellium three planets in the same side in the same sign rather are not a stallion.


These are called a satellitium because Mars's four degrees would put it at nine.


Saturn's 15 plus 7 or minus seven. I guess we'll put it at eight so it could be argued that there's a tiny overlap over there.


But very nominal.


And then but it it reaching out by itself. It doesn't reach any and then Pluto being two to three degrees definitely doesn't reach any of them. So these are not a stellium. They are a satellitium and a satellitium is a cluster of of planets within the same sign that do not impact each other and that's extremely important to know with orb of influence. That's how we know the difference between a stellium and a satellitium a stellium is there much closer this we wouldn't normally count vertex a Lilith and And Neptune here, but 29 almost 26 degrees.


This would be a stellium if it were planets because they're within each other's orb of influence there are cluster and they work with each other and they change each other's energy over here. They don't change each other's energy in a satellitium. They work independently within the same energy or same area of life. And for me, I can tell you that when it comes to communication identity and trying things out.


Taking action on something especially within my own business. It is always try it test it.


It doesn't work start over to try it test it change it. Try it test it change it buy something because third house of sales buy something.


Try it out go get the return policy. It always plays out like this in my life always.


So that's important to know.


So definitely look at the number for how close they are. It's the first number.


Yes. So when you're looking at the let me throw it back here when you're looking at the degrees. This is the degree. This is the minutes and it goes to 60 minutes, right? So You can't do 5.56. But you have to know that this is this is basically six degrees.


So you don't just look at the five you look at the whole thing 5.56 which isn't how you'd read it but five five whatever five six is four minutes from six degrees. So it is basically six degrees 1532 is basically 15 and a half degrees 24 and a quarter is how you would read these And that's important because this is basically six degrees not five. If you read it as five you could be a little off in some of your calculations, but it's six degrees.


Cool, so that I don't have anything else over here for you. So here's what we're going to do. We're gonna talk about rulership's and instead of using my chart.


I am going to go create a random person's chart here random person. Let's make it female.


Let's say they were born. When do I never use?


Mmm, March 22nd is popping in my head 1977. I like twos and sevens that works and let's just say they were born at four 14 sure and let's say they were born most you guys are in the states.


No, it's it's you see Melissa you say I think I think I might not be a leader. Oh in your chart. Okay. Yeah, you'd have to look at the degrees to see if it's a stallion or satellitium. Let's use some Someplace, what's popping in my head?


Pittsburgh place I would never want to live.


Sorry, if anybody lives there.


Let's just use this random here. We're still at whole signs random person and let's show the chart.


Let's see what we got here.


Cool. All right. So we're looking at this person's chart never seen it before because I literally just picked random numbers and whatnot. We can see this person is an aquarius Rising.


This is what I want to talk about is while we're not going to interpret this person's chart here. I do want to talk about the fact that people look astrologers textbooks whatnot. We'll look at rulerships one way.


And I do two things one is I do what's called bidirectional rulership.


And the other thing is I do layered rulership and I think both of those are extremely important. So the first one is this let's say we want to understand the energy surrounding how this person makes money.


Now this person here makes money doing.


Pisces and things now without any further context Pisces and things from the first class could be musical could be spiritual could be things that they do behind the scenes could be media related as in pictures video film things like that.


And I can't remember what I just said. So if I didn't say musical or medical Right. So those are the main things and the condition of the second house being Pisces means that money naturally flows. It comes and goes in this person may not have a very either a very good relationship with money or they may have found that in their life money kind of escapes them.


It slips. There's not a lot of money in this person's life.


That's the that's what's going on in my head when I first read it, but that is not all of the information.


So when you're reading charts you have to realize that there are rulerships.


And there are reverse rulership's I'm going to go through rulerships first. So Pisces here we talked about the first things that popped in my head.


Were what I just said.


but I need to know more I need to know even if this were especially if this were an empty house, but I know that Mars being in here means that this person actively Pursues money, right? They do things for money and they do it in this manner.


But I need to know more about their money. So I need to look at the rulership of Pisces Pisces ruler is Neptune. So I have to zoom out and I have to go where is Neptune? Oh Neptune up here on the 11th house. So the first thing in my head is that their money comes through 11th house matters without diving any deeper. This is the next stage next thought 11th house matters have to do with teams organizations groups hopes and dreams humanitarianism friends networking.


Think those are the main and Technology.


So I know that those are the areas of life that we're talking about.


Now I'm going to ignore the planets in the midheaven right now. I'm just going to go to Sagittarius. So now I know that those themes that we talked about 11th house themes play out in this way. If it is teams, it is International Teams, if it is groups, it is cultural groups. If it is technology it has to do with learning or education.


And you can play around with this in your head because you're dealing with energy and remember that energy is not concrete. This is what makes reading charts a little bit more intricate a little bit more involved you need finesse and it's not always straightforward because we have to know this is why you want to commit what can these all mean?


Right, so I know that the way that they make money.


They do it through again. We're just going to retrace our steps they do it through.


either hospitals film or media music behind the scenes or something creative or something spiritual And those things have to do with culture now.


This is where and groups and in organizations now they could Make money through what is a spiritual group that deals with culture politics or religion?


Church they could make money by doing something.


We haven't gotten to all the details doing something spiritual.


religion And belief groups or small organizations. And again, we have it and then when I bring this planet, so this person could be a pastor.


I haven't figured that out yet, but this person could work for a church.


They could also be and it could be.


Like a Sunday school, it could be that they're teaching or it could be that they're preaching.


So they could be either.


Now Neptune in here actually, I'm not going to go to the planet yet. So that is that is rulership's right. So we looked at the second house. We saw the ruler. The ruler is Neptune. Neptune is sitting up here and that is in Sagittarius.


now when I do a second layer.


I will then say I want to know.


The condition of the 11th house so we know that the second house is is sitting up here in the 11th house how they make money is through this. But what is this? So then I go say Sagittarius ruler is Jupiter and this is the second layer.


So that is sitting down here. I found it in the fourth house that fourth house has to do with home has to do with nurturing has to do with agriculture has to do with the mother family.


Could be real estate.


Those are the main things and then for home has to do with Taurus Taurus themes our money value self-worth.


Mother Nature food and money also equates to finance right? So I know that the organization that we're talking about.


Has to do with these themes.


So it could be a spiritual humanitarian could be a church run.


like food shelter Could be we haven't gotten all the details, but this is how you work with layers. That is a double layer.


one to two two to three to add more information. This is why I'm going to keep going and I know you guys are going to be able to rewind this and watch again to add more information.


Mars is sitting in the second house of money.


So when I'm looking here, we already know that Mars is the planet of action. We know that this person has drive and passion towards Second house matters and that it plays out in piscian ways. Now it can play out in an often does play out in a negative way or in a very basic way because in order to get to a higher vibration, which is the purpose of living we have to use the energy harness it and turn it into something. So when I read charts I always go for the obvious.


And that's important as well.


Pisces is things that end Illusions things that aren't there compassion and compassion is a good thing but It's a very basic entry level to it and compassion usually ends up being you know.


The negative version is you you're too compassionate.


So this person is obviously very compassionate but it has to do with value money and they do they use it, you know, they use this energy towards that but Mars and we already know this information, but Mars rulership.


Go the other way.


What is Mars the ruler of?


Well, it's the ruler of Aries now. I don't have to go too far. It's right here. It's in the third house.


So I know that all of this energy we talked about what they did the type of place. They might work out how that plays out.


What is it? That's actually what are they doing?


Because it's Mars doing action. Well, it had it comes from the third house. Their third house always feeds into the second house themes because of the rulership, but we're talking about money, which is a lens and I'll talk about lenses in another class more but Just the quick version of it is and pretty much really all I need to say is a lens is the topic that we're talking about. So when I'm looking at Mars, I'm not talking about romance. So I don't need to know that Mars has to do with sex.


I need to know that has to do a passion and drive not romantic passion because we're talking about money. Although I can keep that in the back of my mind because it could have something to do with the way that they do it. They could have a romantic.


Kind of like almost Sexual Energy towards making money, but we'll come back to that.


Third house is sales communication siblings close environments neighbors cousins. That's all the third house energy here. It's also your identity. So this person's identity has to do with making money.


or putting their action towards value and then you see all of these planets and if you've ever seen me do a live.


reading or you see me do your personal readings? You know that when I see all of this.


I'm like, all right, here we go. And what I'm doing is I'm taking every single one of these planets and I'm reverse engineering the planet.


I look at it. First. I say okay. So in the third house, we know that children are fun or Recreation has to be there needs to be something that makes you happy, you know, there's communication involved here potentially structure and or not structure but organization.


Service to others that this sales as a service or this communication is a service that the Venus here has to do with value and self-worth that the South node which we won't talk about South near Chiron too much here, but they they have implications as well. And obviously I skipped over errors. So for the main things that I look at are planets the main things you guys are going to look at our planets Sun Mercury Venus.


We see venuses in retrograde at this time. So we know that Venus is not going to operate in its normal way. It's going to be internalized a bit but it's still is of the same theme, so don't get hung up on retrogrades come back to retrogrades when you need to get into the details.


To understand the third house. I have to reverse engineer it I have to know where Venus is Venus co-rules, right Venus rules Taurus and Venus rules Libra.


So I have to understand this house here where Libra is.


Which I have another planet and then I have to understand the fourth house. Now the fourth house we already know is connected in so we have a little bit of that work already done.


Then I need to understand Mercury again a co-ruler.


the fifth house and then the eighth house so deep bonds Investments.


Shared resources and Virgo is service to others or being critical. Those are the main two ways that usually plays out or health.


And then we know that the third house here.


the Sun Where to go is here with Saturn?


This actually makes it easier because I know that the way that they make money in their Drive is connected directly with their career and it has to do with potentially owning their own business or something that they deal directly with the public or something. They deal directly one-on-one with somebody and it's of Leo theme, so it's entertainment it is.


Entertainment it is drama. It is children. It is something that's fun recreational could be Sports.


So when you pull all this together.


And you're talking about Aries here Aries energy in the third, which is again communication. So all of this here when you pull it all together and you're doing bi-directionality of rulership's meaning you've gone forward.


You looked at the sign you said what's the ruler and we went here even without going into the second layer.


And then you said there's a planet in there. What's it the ruler of that's the other way.


So that's why ruler ships have to be done both ways because it's not just Mars sitting in here. It's the entire third house that is sitting in the second house. And that's why it's so important here.


So we pull all this together has to do with media or things behind the scene. So one of the ways with the midheaven in Sagittarius could have to do a travel could have to do with culture. There are a lot of ways this can play out and we'd have to keep diving deeper to understand where it is, but it definitely has to do with communication because Mercury is sitting here in Aries. It has to be their own way. They're sixth house of work has to do with nurturing and it's down here and forth house, so We know that.


And the 11th house is down here as well. We know that this person is likely a teacher.


They're doing something their own way because you always factor in the ascendant. They're doing something their own way. They're using technology. Again.


We have a double on the 11th House of Technology networking and all of that. The ascendant is at 10 degrees, which actually puts it into the Gemini deck in again. This is why deccans are so important because this gives us further information.


That it's not just like working Tech behind the scenes.


It actually has to do with communication here. And this person could be somebody who works internationally.


Because this is home country as well.


Taurus Finance they could be somebody who works on the financial aspect of of working a a public facing business or what I see more is that they're in sports media of some sort.


Sports media are digital media.


You put it all together. And obviously we have to look at everything but I'm getting also here that there's a financial aspect of it or there is a like a home food. This is like this is like doing the the sales for the Food Network is one way that this can play out.


Now I don't have you guys in front to be like are there any questions?


but are there any questions I'm gonna jump into the Q&amp;A because this is I know that I'm gonna have to repeat some of this with the Q&amp;A in this case does the rulership?


Deccan planets sun and Mars have more weight.


No, the deckons don't add weight. The deckons are only a flavor.


Only flavor here. So when we're talking about the sun being in Aries, it is in the Aries deck in or the Mars deck in of Aries. So the sun is Aries Aries in the third house for communication. So this person is happiest when they're communicating the way that they want to Mercury is also sitting at seven degrees in that first deck in here. They're communicating the way that they want to over things that they find valuable retrograde personally valuable here.


Now Chiron obviously throws a wrench in some of this but if they find a way to talk about things that are healing or help other people with communication Chiron, the third house could be an issue with their speech, but we're going to ignore Chiron because that's a whole other class.


But you don't look at rulerships to decons. That's not a thing.


How does all that energy in the third house play out in the second house Taylor says.


So the third house ruler is Mars and Mars is sitting in the second house. So that literally means you take the package the whole package of the third house and it literally this all of this energy as you as you you're welcome Angela as you examine it and figure out what all this how this third house condition is all that third house energy applies to their self-worth applies to how they make money applies to the types of foods that they like you just have to interpret energies to make it make sense. Right? So all this here is they they like they like they probably like seafood spicy Seafood.


Is how I would get this.


cultural spicy cultural Seafood, but it may not like them.


How did I get that?


so we have I can't really get into aspects right now. But the seventh house ruler of culture is sitting down here.


It's ruler as Venus and that's sitting down here in the third house. So that's the cultural food things that they like. This is hot. So it spicy.


You know Aries will represent spicy in this case hot fire Aries.


They like to talk about it. They like to eat it specifically like to especially on a date they have to communicate with their partner their romantic partner what they can and can't eat and that feeds into food.


Pisces represents the water so seafood and then because Jupiter and we're not here yet. But Jupiter is making a semi-sex style to Chiron and Chiron is there as well? It's like they really like cultural Cuisine, but they they can eat it.


Once I started interpreted interpreting the third house. I forgot what I was originally money income what your interpreting originally yeah, so this this will come with practice is.


You can also take it. You can also take it one at a time right I do it collectively but you could take it one of the time problem with doing it one at a time. Is that It makes it difficult. Now, you got to realize again we didn't get to aspects but the thing they're communication and things they like to talk about they they tend not to be able to to make money the way that they want based on what's happy they have to resolve this semi-sexstyle you see Sun at one degree Mars at one degree.


This creates an agitation when we do aspects in the next class. We're going to be talking about 30 degree because again, nobody talks about this and it's so freaking important and so we're Queen kunk's which are in conjunctions.


I'll be talking about those a lot because they're important but this is all like they they would have to be a sales rep without being a sales rep because the Pisces energy is like it'll just lead to nothing. If they try to force that Aries energy out there. They have to use the Aries energy within Pisces and not come across as doing this.


So they'll have to really connect with groups. They'll really have to be teaching and inspiring as opposed to you know selling.


That's how you would read. This this isn't working. So where's the ruler you always look within the same energies. This is what we have to do. I got to teach teach compassionately basically is what they have to do. So as a sales rep if they were ever to get into a sales job.


They would have to be they would have to know this energy to be a better sales rep because they're clearly good at sales.


They they have insecurities here, but their work here, there's like home sales or whatever. It's like telemarketing actually this type of energy, but there is this energy here. It's like also it you know works this way. So it works through the rulership and then backwards because again, it works in order, right? So Mars comes before the Sun not the Sun to Mars even though it's the rulership. So when you're talking about this, it's like the way that they push forward to make money.


or sell something especially if it's something they don't believe in can actually like kill their sale they have to be very cautious how they Interact with money or they can have issues here Bank issues too because the second house here is money and you don't want to have issues with the bank.


How do you know they like spicy food but can't have it.


Yeah, it's in the aspects which this class isn't about but Chiron it's so this is spicy areas of spicy. Chiron is here meaning they can't have it or there's something you know about it that's not going to work and it could just be that they can't have too much of it but cultural food right here this like I said 30 degree angles are agitations.


so these two angles here are saying that there's something about it that they can't have or they can't have too much of it.


Because Jupiter's expansive getting fat off Jupiter.


By the T-shirt soon.


Angie I have to go back and write down all the house meanings and then all the planet features lost in the sauce without being able to look at the house or plants and know the things about it understand ruler methods though. Yeah. This is about understanding the methods and how to do it. You know, nobody's going to be able to take these five classes back to back and just recharge immediately. I'm teaching you guys seven years, roughly.


The basics of it but the basics of seven years of me going through so much trial and error to read charts and you have to realize that remember I'm reading five to six hundred charts a month.


on the low end so I'm doing this day in and day out and until you guys are reading charts constantly, you know, it's not going to It it's like anything it takes time. But once you get it, I know that you'll be able to you'll be able to do this. Otherwise, it wouldn't be teaching it. I'm teaching it because I genuinely want this method out there because I know this method works so, you know, don't get hung up on.


The fact that it was one class than the next class understanding everything that the seventh house can mean or Libra or everything and it's more than I even listed. It's just too much to list and I'll have to maybe when I do my Wiki on on our platform when we launch it, I'll include more about what each one means.


When you do your own research just be sure that you're not looking at Vedic meanings because Vedic Leo is different than Western tropical Leo. So if you're looking what Leo means and your own eventic website, you're gonna confuse yourself same thing with the houses same thing with the planets.


Angela this has been a phenomenal class Blown Away. Honestly best I've taken I'll watch this one again again. Thank you. I wasn't sure because this is a tough one. There's all this is a lot of the intricate stuff but I just felt that there's not there's not a lot on this stuff. And when you do find it, it's like either very sparse or contradicts the next site. So, you know, I've like I said a lot of these I've I've used them I use them all the time.


Some things that are on this because I just didn't remove them like the part of Fortune Juno. They're so important and you know the astrologists don't use them. You guys are gonna be so ahead when you get this down and you start understanding you start reading charts. You guys are going to be blowing people's minds when you do these readings and you get good at it because people and be how are you so accurate? It's because of the system that you're using and your trial and erroring everything and you're not using the stuff that doesn't work. So you're not doing the hit or miss strategy.


But I appreciate that I really do.


Kathy Logan, I just called in.


The hospital good class though. Oh, you just got called into the hospital Kathy. Thank you so much for being here.


I appreciate you.


Taylor during the times where you lost me, I think it had to do with aspects because I don't under aspect. Yeah, it's tough because I have to teach this before aspects, but when we're interpreting something I have to use aspects so I tried.


To I shouldn't have given you the spicy thing because I used aspects to tell you that but everything else is like pulling it. All together aspects are the glue so it does make it difficult to read without knowing aspects.


But I got to do one at a time it'll all start pulling together and then we'll I'll end up doing classes where we're like, I offer one-on-one too.


So I'll be doing a lot of one-on-one coaching to really like make sure that you are reading things by understanding the energies because that's what it comes down to is.


It's what are the energies that we're working with? And then how does that rationally play out? Like I said earlier we have a A real, you know, this can mean religion Sagittarius. It can mean the 11th house can mean an organization and then we have the the planet of spirituality in there. The second house is action. They physically do something which is based off of communication and then, you know Pisces energy spiritual as well. They could make money being a sermon being a sermon being a preacher a minister something like that.


but I You know you'd have to dive deeper. But that's what I'm talking about. Just interpreting the energies. How could these play out? And then you basically either write it down or get a list some I look if I couldn't remember everything my mind works like like this if you couldn't tell but some people don't so if you need a pad a notepad next to you and you just write down, you know third house to in a little arrow to two house. So, you know where the ruler is and then you just say your ideas. Well, it could be this could be this could be this and then you just cross it off as you get more information you're going to do the same thing. I do in my head. You're just doing it on paper. You're narrowing it down.


And that's the whole thing is you could do this this and this which is also why when we talk about life purpose with the mid heaven, And your outward expression that it's not just one thing a lot of people think that the life that your life purpose at. Your midheaven is only one thing and that's extremely limiting because it can play out as long as you're within the energy it can play out anyway, and then you look at progressions of whatnot again another class to see what stage of life you're in.


Do you feel like I have ruler ships down pretty well, as long as you're doing reverse and standard ruler ships. So I'm looking at the second house. It's ruler is Neptune.


Neptune is the ruler of Pisces cool.


I already knew that because that's how I got there. But in this house Mars is sitting there.


So Mars is the ruler of what Ares so I pull in Aries. Everything is happening right here gets pulled into my my second house of money value self-worth possessions.


food how far can your interpretation go no, only knowing ruler ships and aspects you can't.


You couldn't stop here. Like if you really want to read a chart aspects or like I said aspects are the glue.


So when I'm looking here understanding there's a semi sextile here. There's a semi-sex tile here and you get good at looking at them, but you can always use this chart down here.


These are all the aspects.


But when I'm looking at here understanding the part of Fortune the ascendant are forming another semi-sexile which is why they're so important Vesta and Saturn are forming a semi-sex tile here.


Pluto is forming a a sex tautipolis and to Saturn this all has meaning which means this house and this house are connected as well.


And then understanding that Pluto is connected to these two, but the North Node sits separate. So the North Node is only connected to this through Pluto.


I hope I didn't lose you on that. So this aspect and this other aspect here these have meaning but they are not aspecting the North Node. So the North Node and Saturn don't have a relationship.


The layers make so much sense.


I'm glad it does I was worried that I would lose you guys on that but layers are so important because you know, it's it's one thing to know.


What's another one to look at? What's something we didn't look at? All right. Let's do this one here to know that.


You're set this person's if we're looking at the lens of marriage. This person wants a long-term marriage.


It's at 10. So it's in Sagittarius. So this is more of a religious marriage one based on philosophy with their partner and it is the ruler of Capricorn which is in the 12th house. So there has to be a spiritualism and the person the right person will be their lucky charm here and there's good luck in relationships that they have which is great, but it can sit behind the scenes.


And I don't have another one to layer. So I would have to use the aspects to Saturn again 10 to 13. That's actually really good. But I have Saturn 10 to 11. This is a square.


Right again, we'll talk about squares later squares are not always bad squares can be very good, but they will initially come off as conflict.


So this part the public image of this person's friends or their Partners friends because it's Scorpios energy versus the relationship. They have to be careful.


That their partner's friends are not talking crap about them.


especially online and then Juno is in that house too which spills into the mid having spills into the 11th house or spills into the fourth house so layers you keep going.


And that's why the readings can get very very deep.


Random question. Do you ever take into consideration numerology or human design whenever you do readings or do you find those to be scams? I trust you. So I'd like to know I'm interested in human design.


I just haven't had a minute to look at it. So I don't have an actual opinion. I have informed one yet.


But I really want to get into it just to either prove it or disprove it in my own mind. Obviously. It's a completely different system and it's I don't know how I would marry them. But that's because I don't really know that system yet. I've dabbled in it into the different types and but not enough to make any.


Any awareness or anything?


and numerology numerology have to be careful with because numerology can really I believe in numerology I use numerology but I don't use it as deep as some people because While numbers have resonating frequencies, they're too easy to manipulate. I can't manipulate a planet. I can manipulate numbers. I can do it on a spreadsheet. I can see my bank account and transfer a dollar. You have to be very careful with how numerology they and so I changed my name changed my name a couple times in my life, but I changed my name in my Saturn return.


and I remember reading up numerology while I was doing it. One of the biggest things that said is do not choose a name based on numerology because it won't it won't resonate that way it'll resonate as as intentional as opposed to organic. So you do have to be very careful with numerology. I watch things as they play out. I watched the years. I know that 2023 for instance is a seven seven is very spiritual year, but at the same time Saturn's moving into Pisces. So of course, it's going to be the next two years you're gonna be spiritual so I don't put as much stock into those things. I would imagine that if you're doing use the word stock but if you're doing stocks and you're doing things like that the numerology would matter a bit more when you're dealing with money and dealing with numbers as opposed to everyday life, but I do look at like Like won't last time we went to Vegas. We stayed in room 17117 and it was a lucky it was a good trip. We did get sick. So I don't know how lucky but we also you know, my wife is a holistic practitioner. She's an herbalist and she took care of I got strep throat. Actually. She took care of strep throat in like two hours four hours.


It was completely gone in 20 minutes little white dots were gone.


She's just freaking amazing, which is why you know, this is what we're doing. And while we have other businesses we've decided that this is our focus and this is we need to get this out. We need more people to live good lives and there's so many good people out there including most of you. I'm sure that just You just need to understand the energies because then you can do anything you want with them. But I like numerology I use numerology. I don't use as much as I use tarot and in astrology I use astrology in Tarot constantly. I'm surprised. Oh, that's right. I moved it because of this I have my oh it's in here. So, you know I have my Terror decks are always Within Reach Here's another one sitting right here. And that's that's kind of our thing, but That's what I have for that Linnea.


What about for example? I've 18 degrees ascendant.


Okay, so your second second deck in ascendant in cancer. So it is cancer scorpio rather with a 12 degree Mars. What does the degree of the ascendant and descendant or I see have to do with the planet.


It's nothing.


because the the Um, the ascendant The Descent and midheaven and IC are points their mathematical points. I mean, they're derived the ascendant descent and it derived off of the ascendant the constellation at the horizon.


But they are specific to the themes that they represent. So the ascendant has to do with you how you react to the world your physical body descendant how you work with others? What type of Partners you attract made Heaven is your outward expression. I see is your inner expression and childhood midheaven also career and life purpose because that's what you the opposite of your childhood.


It's what you kind of balance yourself out with.


Um with Mars at 12 degrees and it and an ascendant at 18 degrees remember that Mars were to go here.


It is Mars is only a three to four degree orb of influence. So if we take a 12 degree Mars, and we add 4 degrees at 16 you have an ascendant at 18. So there is no correlation between the two they don't impact each other.


You would just have Mars in the first house which has a definition but it's not completely attached to your ascendant.


And I didn't mention this before but the points don't have an orb of influence. They have to be exact.


So it just it is what it is. So for you.


Your sentence at 18 degrees in cancer. It's actually pretty much this is sitting right here. There is no orb of influence. It's just 18 degrees. That's it. It was a line.


It was a point.


It's not a planet or anything. So there is no energy that goes outward and it doesn't emit any energy. That's the other thing to realize that there's no energy that's emitted. It is a definition is a defined point. It just gives you information now if Mars were closer and we're on the ascendant then The energy of Mars would be embedded in baked into your physical body. Now you may have Mars traits, but you would be extremely Martian if you had it right on your send it so you would be extremely athletic like that would be your purpose moving forward. Everything would be all about Fitness.


versus Fitness And wherever Mars sits.


Action being a part of who you are part of your your house of self, but you read it more towards it's just a sign in the first house in the sign of Cancer. So you do things for family.


And then wherever Aries is which would be up here. So your career.


You would have a career likely in.


in some sort of nurturing or real estate or sometimes the housewife You know tending to the kids is the mom being a mom could be your job.


But it has to be something again because it's the ruler is in your tenth house. It has to be something Aries. So it has to Be Your Own Boss you do things your own way something physical something and because it's in the first house and it's Aries. It's something physical something you have to physically wake up and do every day is your career and then wherever your mid Heaven would add information.


cool Angie you're so good. Oh, thank you and thank you for everything always learn something new with every interaction had me laughing at the printerest the deccans.


I don't know. I don't know in the front. The reason why I even bring it up is because people are correcting me. They're like, it's Deacon like it's not it's not it's literally means 10 decathlon decagon deca.


Deca Deccan, it's just it used to bother me so much. Like why are you correcting me? You're saying it wrong?


And some of the astrologers I really like they were saying it wrong and I'm like, oh God, come on guys.


It you know, it's derived off of 10.


10 degrees Taylor What I'm seeing is that the second house is connected to the oh in this example. See second house is connected.


To the 11th and the 11th pulls additional information from the fourth house. Yes, because it's ruler isn't home, right? The second house ruler isn't in the second house. So money is not focusing on money money is focusing up here in teams in groups and organization. Which means Anything that has to do with money, you know go over here go three houses up here and go talk to the ruler over here because all the money stuff is over here.


So that's like I think that's probably the easiest way right and then you know, the ruler of the money house is over here in this house, and it's rulers not home either.


So in order for the money ruler to be able to do anything with teams, it has to go visit the ruler sitting down here in the fourth house.


And you know in the second house of money the ruler's gone. It's over here. But you know, the ruler of the third house is now occupying here like trying to get in on this money action.


So he's like where did they come from where they came from here? They came from all of this energy here all of this energy impacts this which is which is derived over into here and then this is over here. So this feeds this this feeds this which is fed into this.


So yes.


So yes, you are on the right track for that.


If we're looking at home life in the fourth house, is it connected to the sixth house because of the Moon? Yes.


And the 11th house because of Jupiter absolutely, right?


So you're using your this what you're using is reverse.


rulership's because the sixth house ruler is here.


You're using it reverse and the 11th house rulers here. So the 11th house feeds in here. So the fourth house all feeds into the eleven that feeds into the sixth.


Your brain is working properly, but then the forward.


Rulership is Venus and that's sitting here in the third house.


So everything that has to do with home is baked into identity communication siblings whatnot. It means that every Everything has to do with the mother has to do with communication everything that has to do with family has to do with siblings or cousins.


Everything that this person literally identifies with their home, which is attached to their friends and their work.


And that's the other thing. I think it's really important. And I know this is at the end in the Q&amp;A, but I think it's really important to understand that you have that energy doesn't play out one way.


Energy plays out lots of ways because there's not one thing in your life. The sixth house for instance is Health.


It is your chores. It is routine. It's day to day stuff. It is your service to others. It's your sense of Duty. It's pets small pets. Now sometimes small pets end up in the fifth house because we treat them like children, but for the most part it's in the sixth house.


So when I'm that's why lenses are so important when I'm looking at that through the lens of work. All right, six house work, right? It also means health health and work pets at work, right? We're always talking about work work, you know second house fourth house is home.


But I'm talking about.


work So if I work can I work from home? Yes work from home is supported right here doing something online with Groups International even spiritual supported here from work, but that work is either Financial it's value.


It's Mother Nature oriented like herbalism or something like that because it pulls in the sixth house energy, which is also health and it's food so health food.


This is also culture cultural health food.


Right. We were kind of on that train earlier.


But that's you know, that's how it pulls and and then how does that work? Well it has to do with identity it has to do with maybe I do it because I'm Italian and that's in an I sell it because of that or more importantly because my partners I tell Italian.


And then I do the sales of it.


Literally selling food and that's how I make my money and I do it overseas or I do it. You know Pisces could be like I do the behind the scenes. I don't actually make the food because my partner this seventh house ruler is sitting here. Maybe my partner makes the food and I sell it.


Where she tells me what to do. We just could also be this as well.


Chiron in retrograde isn't I will be going over Chiron stuff in the asteroids and part of Fort and Arabic Parts class.


I won't be going over that here. Chiron is a lot of the retrogrades and whatnot are all are usually in Chiron because they're extremely internalized.


It's interesting that this one's not but often it is.


I want to see an example with an empty second house.


Probably pretty easy. Just go back go.


Yeah, go back like two hours.


There you go. Empty second house.


So empty second house means I've got nothing to work with here. It means that money is not a main focus of life. It's a query and energy. So this person makes money through networking through friends through online tech and humanitarian efforts. It's ruler is Uranus, which is again in the same place mid Heaven is there junos there.


So they work with a partner. We didn't go over June that's a different class and Scorpio.


So Scorpio is either psychology or you know, this could be group therapy that this person works like online group therapy. It could be that they work with other people's assets online. So they maybe they take Tech because that ruler is sitting here. Maybe they take Tech and they repurpose it for something that they want to do and then if you dive deeper, it's like where's Pluto Pluto's up here?


Okay, so they make money through doing this for their career and that career has to do with Libra.


So maybe it's online tech. Excuse me.


For a corporation remember tenth houses corporations and government whatnot could be government but it's public facing or it is Art. It could be like something art related or design.


And then you could take this again you could go deeper and it goes to the fourth house in Aries, and this could be never ending but you can really get into all the details but this is an empty second house. I don't have any other information to go off of so, I know that it's not a huge emphasis on their life, but also remember that because we're talking about the second house of money that we also have to talk about the natural ruler, which is Venus. We also have to talk about the natural ruler of Taurus.


And Taurus over here is money can come through children money can come through Recreation and then Venus is sitting here and it is with the South node. So inherent talents and then it makes aspects which we are going to get into but not today and actually this person Venus is an aspecting anything.


aside from this conjunction So then we would look at all the other energy and then Mars.


Which is in the third house in Pisces?


So it keeps going and then that's how you narrow it down. And that's just with a natal chart that doesn't include progressions or relocations or anything like that and I'm not trying to overwhelm anybody. I just want you to know that the basics are going to get you so far which is you're gonna get a lot further than most people but then as you keep studying Diamond deeper, you're going to learn the things that are important and there's so much to astrology and I do the things that I think are most important there are branches.


That I haven't gotten into like medical astrology because there's so much conflicting information. I just haven't really just haven't had the patience to get into it.


Taylor having to do with identity is three three third house is from forward rulership. Yes.


From that last chart not this one. Yep.


identity third house is your identity.


Which I which I think is interesting because it is never listed.


anywhere never listed anywhere as identity. It's always just communication.


Yuna Thank you so much for teaching. It's amazing system. I'm so excited.


To learn more. Aw. Thank you. I'm excited to teach more. I mean, I'm genuinely excited for people to be able to read accurately and really use things and when we get into transits, We get into transits these little green glyphs going around being able to understand that this is impacting this and that this is impacting this and when you put it all together, and like I said at the beginning you'll have to slow down.


Maybe your brain doesn't work as Haywire as mine does but that's okay. Don't worry about it. As long as you have the information you find your own way to make it work. It's all all it's all about.


The last thing I'm confused about the information you get from doing forward versus reverse. That's a good question. So when you're when you're doing forward relationship, I kind of explained it in the theory before it's this house here is not focused the third house in this chart is not focused on the third.


Let's just do it here because this is him throwing myself off with the empty second house one. The second house ruler is not in the second house. So money is not concerned with money.


money It's ruler.


Is in the 11th house, so anything money has to do with how how groups are impacted.


So making money has to do with it's always made through groups. It's always made through here.


The reverse ruler is what is impacting money?


Does that make sense what is coming in versus what is going out?


Money is always made through here. But money is is coming from the third house.


Comes from the third house. And then in order to make it is pushed up through the 11th house. It's just the directionality of the ruler. It's coming from here and it's going to here.


So if we're talking about home life work is brought home.


Or you read it as at home, there's work.


Right because it's coming in as opposed to the other way around same thing. By the way with orbs of influence. Let me touch on that real quick is orbs of influences are good one here Jupiter.


The biggest thing that I forgot to mention about orbs of influence here is that when you're at 27 degrees or even one degree with the moon over here that the moon goes two to three degrees, but it's only one degree left which means two to three or one to two degrees of it is over here in the third house. So the moon in Taurus in the fourth house is pulling its energy into communication.


So when your home your communicating?


And the things that are happening at home end up in your communication.


Which is different than you communicating about home.


It is things at home ends up pushing you towards communication and then because of its orb of influence it would be including Chiron.


So positively it's healing negatively with this this orb of influence with the moon and Chiron you're talking about emotional like deep emotional pain from the mother based on communication because it's pulling here and moving This Way Jupiter is doing it the other way. It's at 27 degrees, but we know that there's a seven to eight degree orb of influence meaning.


It's at 27, you know, I'm ignoring the minutes for right now. It's a little less than three degrees going this way, which means we've got about five degrees into the fifth house. So things of home when it comes to things that are taught things that are learned culture is all spilled into Fun and Games.


It's all spilled into the way you communicate and your sense of humor. It all comes from your mother and your home and your family, especially when it comes to like things that are cultural.


And a lot of that is influenced by, you know chores daily work and things like that.


Hope that answers that.


Since we're an examples, could we do a serial killer like Ted buddy? No.


I don't do famous people. The reason why I chose a random first off I wouldn't.


When people do famous people they always make it make sense based off of their interpretation or their not interpretation.


But their idea of what that person's like their opinion. It's always plays out their way every tiktok video every YouTube video every single example I've ever seen it's always like well Pluto is sitting here squaring Vesta in the sixth house. So, you know, they, you know, couldn't you know live and you know, their family was just like horrible and you know the marriage here, even though there was a marriage, you know, it was just a show and I'm just like you're just pulling that out of your butt and just saying things that kind of go with the planets.


You're not talking like what I just said doesn't make any sense with a sex tile because a sex tile would actually feed harmoniously through hidden talent through here and the North Node would mean that moving forward in the future would be you know much better. But because of you know, that's what they do is they'll see this and then they'll go into like degree here Ted Bundy had a you know, a 22 degree Mars and we all know what that means. It's like no that's that's nonsense. I'm surprised I don't have a 22 degree sitting right here. I got 24 and a 23 and another 24, but it's like is there an 18 in this person's chart?


Surprisingly not but it's like these people are always like 18 to 22 or terrible degrees. You know, how often how many chances you have for an 18 or 22 just so happens that this example doesn't have one. But if we were to like Switch the day. I'm sure we'd come up with something.


Let's just let's just go here and here.


Just go to some random person see if it happens.


Of course while I'm doing is not going to do it.


I know how to do that.


Do do do do 20.


Let's just flip you around.


And we went too far boo.


Sorry, I know that I can make it happen, which is a kind of goes to my point that you can fiddle around with this just enough.


to make it make it, you know be whatever you want and but that again that's the reason why I don't use I don't do famous people, you know, I did I did like hurricanes. I did a hurricane once and the feedback that I got on that people were like, oh you're lying. Oh you're insensitive and I'm like why because I everything played out the way I said, you know, it's just like just because it didn't play out the way you wanted it to play out or you're listening to the media which is funny because the last The last one I did on a hurricane like it.


It definitely said that media was going to be an issue.


That they were gonna lie and they did lie over and over.


Anyway, I could fit around with this and I could get this a little bit closer and give you a I'm almost there. I may as well just do it.


and give you a Of course. I miss it.


Come on, just give it to him. There you go. Boom 22 degree Moon. Guess this person is a serial killer took me a second to get it, but there it is.


And you know a couple minutes over this, you know minutes before this could have been a 22 degree part of Fortunes. Like they're they're lucky sillier serial killer. It just doesn't work that way.


I'm not covering nodes in the next class.


Nodes are going to be a separate class. They're not part of this the first five classes. I will be doing a separate one all about the moon actually because in that class I'll be covering the moon Lilith where you at little it right here, and then the nodes.


In that class because there's a lot to talk about with all of those that we don't talk about enough.


So that'll be its own class.


Yeah.


Pisces and Virgo. Yeah, we'd have to do that separately.


22 degrees is supposedly I can't remember now because they're both ridiculous 18 and 22. One of them is a serial killer one's a killer be killed like these people are like constantly having near-death experiences or whatever. It doesn't play out. That way. I've done plenty of charts with 18 and 22 where neither of those things were true. It's it's degree Theory. It's bunk. It's fake. It's crap. It's pop culture astrology. It's a bunch of people on There you go, Melissa. I have 22 degrees Scorpio. Definitely not a killer. You know what? I mean? It's just like it's such nonsense again. How many chances?


Do you have for like the mid heaven to end at 22? I could get the mid Heaven at 22 degrees actually and still have the moon probably at 22 degrees here. It's like All these planets you have all these chances for it to be there.


Forward rulership of fourth house has to do with identity third house in Reverse rulership where comes from work. So work filters into identity in the home. Yes that not on this obviously, but the one we were working with. Yes, that's exactly how that works.


So now that's how you tie it all together. That's all the Q&amp;A I have over here. Unless anybody has a last-minute one, but that's how you tie it all together and This is how when we when you add in aspects and we add in and transits are separately separate. I'm going to try to make sure I get transits in but trans it's a pretty easy because transits are based off of aspects as well. So once I teach aspects then transits will make a lot more sense, but the bulk of the focus in the next class is aspects.


And then after that it's like putting it all together and then after that it's manifesting abundance. So we are working our way through this and orbs of influence understanding that you know moon is two to three degrees which means series which is a is like a mother earth kind of nurturing.


asteroid here that these two are connected that this type this person would be extremely nurturing on a very Earthly level.


Cooking cleaning like just taking care of things like wanting the food to be healthy things like that.


In the eighth house, they would do so in in a potentially manipulative way. You wouldn't get to know that not everybody would see this in Capricorn there would be structure to this. So the things that they do have to have hierarchy they are the authority when it comes to nurturing when it comes to taking care of and this person might have with the eighth house here might have could be psychology and then we would look obviously we're Saturn is we're cancer is Cancers and the second house. So make this is how they would make money.


And then there's more to it and then Capricorn Saturn is in the third house in Leo.


So it could be a child therapist.


here and it's the rule of the twelfth house repressed memories. This could be a child therapist.


So again, that's again how you kind of dig deep and figure it out. And the one thing I just want to remind you guys before I answer the last questions is When you guys are doing these charts do not get overwhelmed by all of this information. This is everything.


And you never look at everything to do things. You don't look at every single aspect every single place and everything. You have to look at. What's the question?


Everything has to have a question. Even if you're reading a natal chart. What's the question the question is? What what's the first house? That is the question so I don't need to worry about any of this other crap none of these lines, by the way. I don't use these lines, but I'll talk about that next time.


There are very quick reference for me. But all I care about is who's this person fundamentally when I'm looking at the first house and all I really have to know is are there any aspects to the ascendant? I can either look around the chart or I can just look at this line here that says AC and look across and it only matters from about here left. Right? So I see an inconjunction we're gonna talk about these aspects but I see some aspects there right?


So I need to know those to understand this person and then I need to know Mercury and it's placement which is in the second house. So this person cares about money and they care about money for their family and doing so through nurturing and whatnot. And there's higher education involved and that's the other way. You read it. So you read it first by what do these planets mean? Okay, son creativity children and other things Mercury thought process communication Jupiter philosophy higher education travel culture.


So I already know that so right that down on my little list and then where did the Sun come from? Where is Leo? It's over here in the third house. Right? So you break it down one at a time. And that's all I need to know for this and then once I'm done that clean the Slate come back here start on the second house. This is if you're doing a full nail chart reading I don't do natal chart readings anymore. Why because they're extremely draining.


I answer questions. What's the question? What do you want to know? I want to know if I go to school, you know, what should I go for usually people have an idea because intuitions is here, but I know that schooling has to do with the ninth house. So I'll read that I know Sagittarius has to do with it. And I know that Jupiter has to do with it. So I take this And its ruler ships I take this and its rule of ships and I take this in this rule of ships. And then that is how I answer what's good for them for schooling. I don't care about anything else.


I don't care about Chiron in in the 12th house in terms of this I do because there's a seven and eight so it's squaring but Aside from that I don't care and then I just break it down. One thing at a time. We talk about one thing at a time until we get through an hour reading and we've gone deep into the the thing. I don't analyze the entire chart and then give you all the information it wants because I never remember that neither would you?


So don't get overwhelmed don't get flustered.


Just take it one thing at a time.


So much for this. I know I ask a million questions you do you do but that's good. So I can't begin to explain how much I appreciate you. Thank you all thank you Taylor. I appreciate that.


Angela can't thank you enough for this class. It will be a long two weeks before your next class like a kid eating for Christmas waiting for Christmas, Angela.


I'm trying to get other classes. I know that I want to teach like Astro cartography relocation astrology sinistry, and I'm not ready to do medical astrology but that's coming soon as I figure some things out. But like I said the asteroids and there's just so much to learn and then diving deeper into each one is just a lot of fun and doing like I said one-on-one practice. It's going to be great. So I'm glad that you guys are finding value in this because this does get I'm trying to like take all the complicated stuff.


I do want it to be relatable. But at the same time got to make it work.


So that's great. So I appreciate you all I'm gonna end it now. I appreciate all of your celestina. Thank you for the class has been so informational and with my Mercury retrograde. I love I can review it over and over right now. You know what it means Melissa. Thank you. You're welcome as well. Now, you know what? There's there's retrogrades mean and I don't know why well intuition. I just felt like you guys might want to know that so I threw that in the class. I appreciate you all.


Thank you so much for attending and hopefully I'll see you guys on the next class. And remember that Ashley has her classes and you guys can just use this to really manifest amazing things in your life, or you can become astrologers and healers and teachers whatever you're using it for. It's just I hope you brings you a lot of value for sure.


And Linnea, I look forward to your classes and I'm so excited to keep learning and growing the visuals and charts are awesome. I I'm glad you appreciate it because I throw it together and like an hour or two, and I'm just like here it is.


All right, y'all thank you so much, and I'll see you next time.