Welcome to the core components aspects and transits class the majority of what we're gonna be talking about today is aspects aspects are the glue.


to astrology and Sometimes I feel like they're glossed over. I think everyone knows that they're very important every astrologer but a lot of websites they seem to gloss over and they gloss over some of the what I feel or the more important Transit. So just like the other classes. I'm teaching you my system. I'm teaching you. What I feel is important versus what I think you know systematically something should or shouldn't be so when we're talking about aspects transits will be at the end. The difference is that aspects are the relationships between planets. So if we take a look at my chart just for example here.


And we look here now. I don't tend to look too much at these lines because they start becoming this ball of yarn and it just becomes too much for me. I'll double check everything here and I personally pay attention to the numbers here. And this is where the degrees when we talked in previous classes. Why do degrees matter so much and it's not degree Theory. It's the orbs of influence. We talked in the previous class with transits. I'm sorry with aspects and then transits will will take on some of this as well. So when you're talking aspects for instance, Well this one since I'm looking at it in my 12th house is my North Node and in North Node we're going to do in another class. But the North Node has to do with your Soul's journey in the in the leaving your comfort zone and balancing yourself out to bring in energies that you were not familiar with. So we call it a sole purpose and it has to do with your moon and I'm gonna do this all in a moon class, but North no for me is in cancer in the Pluto deck in the 12th house in in cancer.


So that is at 13 degrees and 28 minutes. So when you look at the degrees here first two numbers or one number if it's a single digit are the degrees and then the other ones are the minutes and just like time it goes to 59 minutes and then resets to zero.


When you look at my ascendant, it is also at 13 minutes and six, I'm sorry 13 degrees and six minutes. This is creating a 30 degree angle and it's very easy to tell because 13 and 13. They're the same number, you know that there's some sort of aspect being made because they're the same number and not every aspect is this way but a lot of the the major ones that you use are going to be the same number the ones that are like 45 degrees 135 degrees. Those would be a little bit different but a lot of them. This one is a 30 degree angle.


It's one house away and each house consists of 30 degrees each deck in was 10 degrees. So this is 30 degrees. This is another 30 degrees. So if they're sitting at the same number, that means they're exactly 30 degrees apart meaning and I'm going to ignore the minutes just for this example. That means that these are exactly aspected.


So when you hear somebody say something is exact on an aspect. It means that they are basically the same number 13 13. All right, they're creating that 30 degree angle if it was 13 and 15. It wouldn't apply because it's the North Node and the ascendant which are two points.


Mathematical points do not have an orb of influence but let's say they were planets and let's say they each had two degree orb of influence. Then the ascendant at 15 degrees would have a 30 degree.


aspect to this and I'm going to tell you what 30 degrees means. I'm just showing you example of what this is. Does this only work one house over. No. This is a specific aspect. You'll know by the end of this class what I'm talking about. It's anyone.


So any other 13 that I would have in my chart. I have a 14 up here.


So you see my ascendant is at 13 degrees. My Venus is at 14. It's at 1306 and 1447. This means there is an aspect created between these two because they're very close within one degree or technically a little more than a degree and a half when you do the math in your head, so I know that my Venus and my ascendant have some sort of relationship to each other whereas.


If I look at the Sun.


I had to double check because sometimes math is slow in it today. It's been a little slow. The sun is at 21 degrees in this chart. The ascendant is at 13 degrees. These are too far apart to have any sort of aspect together when you're talking about full orbs of influence. That's only with conjunctions when you're talking about which is something I forgot to mention in the previous class. So it's a good thing you're taking both.


When you're talking about the orbs of influence on oppositions and squares it Narrows down a little bit and when you get to 30 degree and 60 degree angles, then it becomes even narrower to you know, two to three degrees sometimes.


But 21 degrees 13 degrees means there is no connection between these two.


So those planets are independent of each other meaning they are not forming any aspects to each other which means that they don't impact each other. So when I read the sun, I don't have to take into account the ascendant other than separately in the reading.


Is it 13 degrees in every house that influences now?


So the ascendant is the ascendance always in the first house. And in this case the 13 degrees is the degree of my ascendant.


And therefore it would be 13 degrees of any planet in any other house.


if that's what you were asking, but in terms of and that's what we'd be looking for.


Another example is my ascendants at 13 degrees. My Saturn is at 15 degrees. This is a two and a half degree orb of influence between these two, which means there is an aspect here. So my Saturn down here at 15 degrees and my ascending at 13 degrees are also aspected and again, that's what this class is about. So we're gonna get into what that actually means.


Okay, cool.


so an aspect in general like I said is a relationship between two planets two celestial bodies mathematical points anything that we're looking in the chart an aspect is whether it's considered to be to be looked at with another planet. The reason why aspects are so freaking important is because if you're looking at somebody's sun sign, And you read the definition of the sun sign for me. It's the sun in Gemini. So I'll just use myself now son. And Gemini has a bunch of meanings from the previous class. You also know to look at the deccans to know what flavor of the Sun Gemini for me. It's at 21 degrees 20 to 30 is the third deck in and that's ruled by Uranus.


So I know that my son is in the 11th house, which is naturally ruled by Aquarius that it it deals with Aquarian themes that it's in Gemini. So it's a Gemini Sun. So I would read that definition or know it and then the third deck in I would add in more Aquarian themes to it as a layer on top to kind of Define further. What what that sun means.


If I were to stop there.


That would be very little information which can happen if my son is not impacting anything else in the chart. Then there's nothing else to look at the sun acts independently. It is not connected to anything else. Now.


It's very rare that you will ever come across any Celestial body that doesn't have some sort of aspect to something else in the chart. And the reason why it's so important is because the sun does not operate by itself.


in my chart in most charts if I go back to my own chart, for example, and I come down here when we're looking at these aspects. That's what this grid is. So the way that this one is laid out is that the planets kind of go diagonally down and this is when you look at the boxes anywhere, there is a glyph in here and we're using astro.com to pull this up anytime. You see a glyph here now, it's really hard to see because If you don't I mean this is actually a really good monitor So It's just tough to see even when I zoom in but there are other ways to see this as well. But anytime you see a glyph here that means there is a relationship or an aspect to the other planet my son and my moon have a relationship and the other information here talks about applying versus separating and I will touch on that later, but when I go deeper into the next classes, I will I will go into that even further but it tells you up here negative five and then separating So the faster planet is leaving is already past the slower planet in this case. The Moon is the faster Planet. The sun is the slower Planet. So therefore it separating me in the moon has already passed the Sun.


In terms of the actual direct the exact or direct aspect. That's the other word. They use and is is already on its way leaving and if you look up at the degrees the sun is at 21 degrees and for it to be exact. The moon would have to be at 21 degrees, but it's not it's over here 25:57 almost 26 degrees, which means it has already passed the 21 degree Mark and it's moving forward.


We'll come back to that. I want to get into all the aspects so that you understand that better first. So.


So here we go.


Core components aspects will get the translator transits by the way do make aspects with each other.


And then with your chart which is why you need to know those as well, but aspects are a relationship the Sun by itself.


If I had a 21 degree son and in Gemini and someone else had a 21 degree sun in Gemini.


By definition and by most websites, we would be the same person in terms of our personality our creative expression and how we view children how they manifest in our life.


But my son is aspecting all kinds of other planets. The other person's son would be aspecting different planets and you have to fuse that energy in within the relationship to see how does your son truly play out. It's not just the Sun and Gemini. It's a sun in for me. It's a sun in Gemini opposite Neptune and Sagittarius a sun in Gemini trying the moon in Aquarius the sun in Gemini trying Pluto a son in Gemini, and then there's a bunch of others. So it goes deeper and you have to factor it all into figure that out.


So moving straight into it. What is an aspect their mathematical relationships between planets and why did that not flip over?


Oh, it's been fun. It's been a fun Tech.


thing one second. I will clear this on up.


Yay.


click click cool technology today and my moon is for the record just so you guys understand why this is happening why aspects and transits are so freaking important to understand because once you understand, Can it be several planets? Yes, and it usually is it's multiple things. You have to take them all into consideration.


Understanding transits for instance. That's not right now.


Let's see. Today's 12 boom.


It's still not right now. I know that the Moon is and we can do it this way.


Current planets and the reason why it's not exact on Aster all the time. And sometimes I use one Astro Dash charts Comm. Sometimes I'll use that because on the wheel I can see it exactly for the moment and the time it is and I can fast forward and move an hour when I create my software. I'm gonna have that feature in there. But this is the current plan so you can see when I try to pull up the chart. It looks like the moons that like three or four to three three degrees.


To 259 or something like that, but the current planets when I pull it up the moon's actually at 16 degrees.


In my chart Saturn is at 15 degrees.


Meaning there's a third there's a an angle Happening Here in Saturn is also semi-square my Uranus. So the whole Tech issue thing that's been going on has to do with all of this.


anyway That us go back. We don't need that anymore. I'll keep that there and we'll switch back. Okay, so aspects are mathematical relationships between planets.


You have 12 houses to look at so you're gonna look to see 12 different places. Is there an aspect is there another planet sharing the same number within one to two degrees. Usually the difference is when you get to conjunctions because the planets are approaching each other directly that you use the entire orb of influence each angle created reflects a specific flow of energy, so And we're going to get into this but 30 degrees has a different meaning than 60 degrees has a different meaning than 90 degrees or zero degrees, which is a conjunction.


I mentioned this before but aspects are the glue to astrology.


This is what literally makes you different from the the next person it differentiates the personality the event or the interaction the aspect is what changes the information and makes it not just a dictionary definition. And if you guys have seen my social media profiles, I always talk about how things things and questions cannot be answered that quickly by one aspect because you're not factoring in enough information within the chart you have to be able to look at everything which includes mostly the aspects.


So orbs of influence apply in their full values for conjunctions, and they apply less for different aspects.


So for instance a a 30 degree aspect is a one to two degree orb, and that's something that I'll get into in. A further class is just a ton of information and I had to pick and choose what to go to include here. But each orb of influence is a little bit different it's wider for trying wider for oppositions wider for squares because those are considered major aspects the minor aspects which are like the 30 degrees 60 degrees 150 degrees.


They're 1 to 2 degree orb of influence.


So if you Google at any point major aspects, you'll see that conjunctions squares trines and oppositions are your main four?


And we're going to talk about those.


Anything smaller has a 1 to 2. Sometimes Three Degree orb of influence.


The one thing you don't really have to worry about too much is the Moon the Moon tends to have a two to three degree orb of influence always.


But that's because it matches.


Understanding the relationships gives you Clarity steers your situations in your favor. The whole point of understanding aspects is because that is what the true energy is. How one planet is affecting. Another tells you how it's probably negatively manifesting and then how to positively turn that into your into your benefits so that it doesn't come off. So harshly.


Understanding for instance that I was having Tech issues allowed me to Not freak out and just focus on fixing the issues. So who when Zoom canceled our webinar package or whatever and it wouldn't connect and I had to redo the entire thing.


I knew that there was a tech issue and I just sat there and I figured it out and I got everything up and running in four to five minutes same thing with what just happened freezing on the screen. I know that we're still within that energy. So when these things happen, I just have to find a workaround Not freak out and that's the whole point because when you're dealing with the moon specifically The moon brings up emotion, like situations or people's interactions that will give you emotional responses.


And then it's up to you to identify.


Hey, I'm acting this way. I need to chill out and see what's actually going on. So the Moon is the toughest one in my opinion to deal with I think it's more difficult than Saturn personally.


Mainly because it's it's always changing.


And it can come out of nowhere.


so I so I use this terminology of outcomes of of events by understanding neutral play out.


When I'm reading your charts or any clients charts, I read neutral energies meaning the most common way that a planet it's most natural usually somewhat negative way a planetary energy can play out because most people at this point in time do not know astrology. They don't know the good stuff anyway, and they don't understand that when certain things happen. It's because of an energy linkage to other things which are playing on a certain way and then the Moon is usually involved and they are reacting the way the Moon is making them react which is why it's very important to understand Moon transits so that you don't act out that way and then you're you're raising your vibration and your controlling the chaos instead of it controlling you which is the whole point of why you're doing this.


And when you're determining the true nature of any energy in a chart or Transit reading we have to evaluate all links, like I just said links to other planets and angles to reveal.


It's true nature in your chart to understand why your son in the 11th house are mine plays out differently than someone else's son in the 11th house and it's not just the position. It's not just the the degree.


It's not just you know, the sign or whatever it's because of the aspects. It is has a relationship with another planet which gives it a new flavor and I need to know it's that flavor positive negative challenging easy doesn't make me lazy. Does it make me energetic am I aggressive and my passive that's all based on what planets are involved what angles being created and how many of those are happening?


And in what order? I don't remember if I put this in later so I'm just gonna say it now the order of of these aspects matters it always goes in the direction of the chronological succession of the of the signs meaning if I'm looking at the Moon and the Sun and these two are forming a Trine which they are. I don't look at the sun first and then go over to the Moon. I look at the Moon first and it informs the Sun.


If it were the other way around and the moon were in my 11th house in the summer in the seventh, it would be the sun informing the moon.


This is another thing that no one talks about. I've literally never seen anyone talk about it. So you guys are privy to this information. It's something that I figured out a while ago and when I do readings the reason why I can figure it out is When I'm reading backward, I know that it's retrospective when I'm reading forward. I know that it's not an introspective, but but forward what's the word that I would want to use forward affecting?


So I know that the sun is being affected by the moon. I know that the Moon is affecting the Sun and that's the natural way that you would read that.


So let me go back.


So right here, this is just a general. I found this you see I didn't Watermark it because it's not mine. I found this online. I removed some of the extraneous stuff. I just thought it was a really good diagram for the basic and I'm going to be talking about all of these specific aspects and then I have one more that I talk about.


Actually, two more there's two one here that so it's all of these plus two and they're repeated on each side. So it's we're gonna be learning about the conjunction the semi-sexile the sex tile the square.


We're also going to learn about the semi-square the Trine the queen conks and the opposition and then we're also going to learn about quintiles of by quintiles briefly. So these are the ones that we're going to be learning.


and how they have, you know relationships with each other and how you would to read them pretty simple. I'll probably be coming back in referencing this every month every once in a while.


So I'm just gonna hop right into it.


The first one is the conjunction. This is the easiest one when as an astrologer. The first thing I look for all your conjunctions because I want to know it's just a starting point understanding how energies work with each other and understanding there's a fusion between energies conjunction is full orb of influence. It's zero degrees apart is direct so Planet at 14 degrees another planet at 14 degrees that is a direct conjunction or an exact conjunction one degree apart 14 and 15 degrees. So to speak would be a one degree.


Either as either applying or separating conjunction and then it's the orb of influence of the planets that we talked about in the previous class that would tell you.


How far out of a reach does this planet have when we're talking about conjunctions?


The key word for conjunction is power because you're adding two planets together at the same space at the same time.


So it's power. It's Focus. It's a lot of harnessed energy in one point.


The difficulty of it is a mixture. A lot of people think that conjunctions are easy that they're always positive and that's not true.


Sometimes you can have a planet and it will oscillate it'll go back and forth. Sometimes One Planet will be stronger than the other planet and try to take over a certain situations. It's really on you to realize especially if something is aspecting it a Transit specifically, how do you use that energy? And when let's say it's Mars and Neptune when Mars and Neptune are you doing things that are illusionary or are you doing things that are deceptive if you're doing things that are deceptive, you know that those two energies are working together and you're being aggressive about the deception.


Well, you could be passionate about music.


That's a completely different play out of those two exact same energies and then you want to keep it balanced.


So that one is not taking over the other one.


So when we're talking about when we're only talking about I'm going to go back to my chart again.


When we're only talking about aspects no transits right now just aspects.


My charts probably not that great of one because I don't have many conjunctions here.


But I have this one. So Vesta is an asteroid. We'll be doing that again in another class. It's at 23 degrees 50 minutes two degrees away from my moon 2557.


Literally my eternal flame in my emotions have to go together. I'm very highly sensitive highly emotional person and I utilize this energy and this energy when I'm good. It lights up I light up when I'm not in a good place it I can kick myself back into it. If I remember my passions my drive the things that are that are good for me, especially when it comes to dealing with other people.


Here because it's in my seventh house.


So that's a conjunction there.


It's one of the easiest and obvious aspects to work with it's the easiest one to find you see them all the time when people talk about stelliums. That's a cluster of conjunctions. Basically, it's three or more planets in the same sign within the orb of influence of each other. That's a stellium and that is conjunctions a satellitium for the record is I'll show you in mine.


This is a satellitium.


These planets not policed but Mars Saturn and Pluto are not with any others orb of influence at 5:15 and 24 these planets do not reach and touch each other. They act independent independently and in succession in my chart. So this is called a satellitium these planets do not affect each other, but they do operate within the same house slash area of life.


Planets in conjunction strengthen and amplify we went over that the merging of the Energies new blend orb of influence determines which planets are truly involved which is what I was just saying also realize that Saturn's orb of influence of seven to eight degrees versus the moons influence of two to three degrees. Let's just use the higher-end eight to three that means Saturn could technically be reaching in and affecting your moon and your moon might not be affecting Saturn.


they do work together, but there will be a a pull of one energy over the other because of the orb of influence.


So that was this that's a conjunction here. And that is when the two planets are together. Sometimes three sometimes four it all depends for the record.


A new moon is a conjunction.


So when people ask me about about the new moon and New Moon energies, I always go back to the astrological definition of what a new moon is not the spiritual references. But a new moon is the sun conjunct the Moon the Moon and the Sun are working together. This is why there's manifestation because your emotions and the phase of the moon specifically and the and the sun are working together. The the sun is not reflecting off of the moon at that point. We're going to talk about this in our luminaries and lunar class.


But the sun is not reflecting off of the Moon meaning. The Moon is not as powerful as it is in a full moon.


So this is why you can manifest because your emotionally clear at that point and you're aligning your emotions with your personality your drive the things that you want.


for the future and sparking that that interest so that's for a new moon. That's a conjunction.


The next one that I want to talk about and I talk about these the order that I did these is not in order of like first second third for some people maybe that would have been easier. I actually put these in order by what I look at first.


Because I make things or I try to I try to make things easier for myself. So for me when I'm reading a chart a a conjunction is the easiest thing to see I get to see the cluster of planets and how they work together. And then I have a starting point for when I'm reading a chart.


The next one is an opposition. I always look to see what's opposing. The other one. Why do I do that? Because oppositions have to do with awareness they have to do with when one is and by the way this these are the glyphs that you'll see.


For each aspect here. So this is when opposition looks like this was a conjunction so when you're looking at this The moon and investor, this is the glyph for Moon investor. So this is the conjunction glyph for that opposition will look like this one here.


And then opposition here. It's awareness.


It's one planet is playing tug of war with another planet. And if you go too far one way, the other planet feels left out which I which I have here.


And and obviously if you go the other way, it's like the pendulum swinging you become too involved in extremes. And sometimes you can even try really hard to justify or work with one planet and If you use a positively you can pull energy from the other planet fairly easily by creating a compromise. So it creates simultaneously a blend and a tug of war of energy because the opposition is telling you that in order for that planet to play out.


It is going to be pulled constantly from the other side. Now a real-world example is again in my chart.


Every almost everybody has oppositions not everyone but almost so for me, it's the Sun at 21 degrees and Neptune at 25 degrees.


These two are in opposition with each other. This is what makes me a compassionate person it is what makes me a kind person. It's what makes me a spiritual person and very intuitive but it also can work in the negative ways.


And this is when you start really analyzing the aspects. Remember we were talking about the sun while the Sun and Gemini is all about, you know, creative expression through writing create expression through communication being social being out in public technology things like that because in the 11th house, but then you have to bring in Neptune.


And Neptune will always be a part of this. So no matter what this person me will always be sensitive. This person will always be there will be an opposition between music listening to music performing music.


This will always you always have to factor it in. Sometimes this becomes massive depression and that has played out in my life quite a bit because what ends up happening is when the my fire my son, my light is Dim, let's say in the last couple of years when everything was closed down.


And for me, it's the 11th House of society and then online and Communications online and everybody was saying really hateful things online. It ends up dimming this down and then I revert over to here which is illusion loss feeling like everything's gone disappeared and not had and then Sagittarius has to do with your place in the world. I start losing purpose which is what happened to me and it sucked it was awful.


I had to find a way to connect with 11th house friends and communicate with friends, especially with Mercury also in there and focus on my hopes and dreams and ignore the rest. I had to physically choose what energies I wanted to use and in what way which again is the whole point of this do not allow it's a plague negative. What are the benefits of Benefits or the themes of a certain placement of the House of the sign what can you use instead? So when we're doing these readings that's what we're doing and that's for the manifestation class. But that's what you're going to end up doing you're gonna end up transmuting energy into what you want it to be instead of how it naturally plays out. And again Energy's play out very easily. They slip into that lower octave that lower vibration.


So it's fairly fairly easy to determine how something played out for somebody because you could always kind of gravitate towards the neutral and lower vibrations and you're usually right people don't usually know that they can take that energy and do something very positive with it.


You do get a the ability for an active equal compromise to be made with the energies and resolve the difficulty that tension that goes back and forth compromise. This is marriage. This is Opposites attract.


When I was talking in the first class about the houses and how the first house in the seventh house. The first house is the house of self. The seventh house is the house of you and others or Partnership if you spend too much time on you you lose out on Partners if you spend too much time on Partners you lose out on you compromise is you being able to be independent within your partnership.


And your neptuneffects your son. So when balancing this tug of war you assess how Neptune can influence your son more positively, correct?


What are the positive aspects of Neptune how can I not feel illusion depression the the loss of everything? What are the higher vibrations spirituality and actually around that time is why I really started diving back into astrology and going crazy with it and getting into Taro and learning tarot. That was all because of that time, but I was going through that that depression and I had to change it.


And I had to take Neptune and say I don't want to be like I don't want to feel like this anymore.


And there's more there are more planets aspecting both of those planets actually, but I had to figure out how was how was it that I was going to make those changes and I it wasn't just the Sun that I had the factor in or Neptune for me.


I had the factor in Pluto the moon and Chiron because they all make Direct.


aspects to my my Neptune This is Opposites Attract this I put this in here mainly because when you do synastry, you'll see a lot of people who are like someone will have a Mars in Mars and Taurus and there'll be attracted to somebody with something either Mars or a Venus or a Pluto or Jupiter or something in Scorpio because it's a Opposites Attract game because it's all about balancing and compromising and we're naturally attracted to what's on the other side. That's like a grass is greener type 5, but you can't go live in the in the neighbor's yard because then you miss your home. So it's like you have to like go over there spend some time come home.


It's all about compromise here.


So Pluto opposed the sun you would use rebirth regeneration to enhance the sun. You could use the occult. Like you could find a career in the occult. As long as you don't get lost in the occult because they are opposite in their balanced and that could be your creative expression I transformation on a positive level would be really good especially when it comes to your creative talents and being able to realize that the things that you've done in the past that you can level up and you can change those things. You could bring shared assets depending on what house and sign we're talking about shared assets can be brought in so you could be in your creative expression and your personality. You could be pulling from other people's stuff and blending it in with your unique Flair and you see that all the time like just think of Music how many covers are done, but those I just had a reading with somebody about this actually how many covers are done but those covers don't sound exactly like the original they took that material and they put Their own positive spin on it and needed their own that's either Pluto or Pluto and or Uranus that is aspecting the sun and/or Pisces in those charts because those are the ones that have to create expression music and talents and things like that.


So yeah, you would you would take the positives of Pluto also personal power. This is where you know personal power for Pluto opposite. The sun is you you don't want to be super controlling but you want to realize that you have inner power that you can do the things you want to do and you can shine and people are going to be attracted to you if you are well balanced out.


There'll be attracted to you for the right reasons. If you are leaning too heavily into your Pluto and you become manipulative controlling or anything like that. You will still attract people because Pluto does that but you'll be attracting the wrong people who will be then attacking your personality. They will literally be in opposition.


Who you are as a person?


My Pluto in midheaven are conjunct at the same degree in the 11th house. I am sure you've told me was a signify for me again. You have to look at everything but Pluto in the midheaven is potential power.


Within your career and your life purpose in the 11th house has to do with hope stream's future technology or groups or community.


So you could be very powerful within the community within what the career you're doing. And then you would you would assess the sign and you would assess everything else but Pluto in the mid Heaven a lot of famous people actually have that but they've They fall into how to use it positively.


How are you able to give so many examples of a single aspect I have to be able to do that good scene. So yeah after you've done it for a while you'll be able to do the same thing. It's because I break it down in my head.


And then I put together a sentence and then I give you that and then I do it again and I do it again and that's what you really have to do with astrology as a whole is it can be extremely overwhelming?


If you just approach someone's chart and you see it like this and you just try to find something and start talking about it. This is why I don't like to do like General readings when people like hey, what do you see in my chart? That stands out and I'm like, you know, I could look at it in the first thing that pops in my head. I could start talking about that, but it can be extremely overwhelming.


And even when you know, I've been doing this for as long as I have and I I know the question and I start honing in that sometimes I I still get a little overwhelmed because some people's charts are just more difficult to analyze because there's more going on.


Especially when it when it comes to harder aspects, which we'll get into.


Like oppositions to me. They're considered hard difficult aspects, but to me, they're not that difficult oppositions are pretty easy to say, you know, it just blend the energies.


Find your compromise and move forward with that and it to me it gives you like a duality in an opposition because you can focus on one energy and just pull some of the energy from the opposition in and then at other times you can go back to the other energy and pull the other opposition in so Sun opposite Neptune.


I can you know, focus on the Neptune stuff and then pull in my ego my personality and me or I can focus on my ego and pull in a little bit of spirituality and it's too completely different things. So I want to focus on spirituality. You want to focus on me in an opposition. You actually get the choice and I think that's pretty cool. You don't get that with like anything else other than kind of a conjunction, but then you choose But I know what the sun means so basically when I'm giving examples if we're talking about sun and Neptune, I just what's one thing the sun represents creative expression. Cool.


What's one thing that Neptune represents music?


Okay. Well, it's opposites if I spend too much time on my music no one will ever see it because I'm not creatively expressing it. I'll actually pigeonhole myself in and then as I'm saying this example other like the whole laundry list of everything that Neptune means like plays out in my head. The other thing that Neptune means is isolation and seclusion. So if I and I used to do this I used to go into my recording studio when I had one when I was much younger, and I'd stay there for days and not come out and no one would see me.


And that can happen and I and the thing is for me. It's in my fifth house. It was like a hobby. It was really fun. I enjoyed doing it but in by myself because of Uranus here, but people didn't see me and no one got to hear any of my music because I was not sharing it. I had to like come out of this and come back to here and then talk to my friends again or go out in society or whatever and then I can share this.


all these talents So that's an opposition. Like I said conjunctions oppositions.


I do them in that order because I want to make it easier for myself when I'm doing readings and it's the easiest thing to balance out in my opinion.


And you can have a conjunction with an opposition. You could have the sun in Mercury together opposing Neptune or whatever planets are involved. And in that case I would do the conjunction first so that I understand that blend of energy.


And then bring in the opposition again, I do it in this order.


intentionally so a conjunctions within 10 degrees are various a conjunction is within the degrees of the orb of influence for the planet. So in our last class when we talked about orbs of influence, that number is what you use so if it's Mars you're talking about four to five degrees if you're talking about the sun you're talking about seven to eight degrees a lot of these softwares use 10 degrees. I do not because 10 degrees even for the sun is just too far in my opinion every once in a while for the sun. I'll consider it but for anything else no, But that's for conjunctions. Yeah.


cool you cool oppositions squares okay, so squares are the ones that are we see squares all the time squares have such a bad rap and I understand why they do if you don't go deep enough into astrology the first thing you're gonna think when you read it is, ah, this sucks. There's a square squares represent conflict You know the thing about conflict is there's usually resolution or there can be resolution. And that's the part most people miss out when they're talking about squares is that there can be resolution with conflict the difficulty can be very high because it can be very difficult to take these two energies and find a way to fuse them together in a way that both planets are appeased. And that's the key is that in a square. You cannot leave one out in an opposition.


You can in a conjunction you sort of can sort of In a square, you can't One Planet needs to be appeased with the other and there's very little compromise when you do this.


It's in the 90 degree angle to make it direct it is one of the more difficult ones to deal with but once you get it, you can become very powerful. It has friction. It's a very energetic and you can actually create a lot of progress people who do amazing things in this world tend to have a lot of squares in their chart or specifically within powerful planets.


This is when two planets want to occupy the same space at the same time creating an energetic disagreement and stubbornness. Neither energy will budge.


It requires compromise only in the sense of blending. I'm sorry bending the energy to create a situation which both energies are happy.


This is not easy because each energy is usually and for the record. Also, I want to mention that I don't talk about elements or modality at all in this in this class. So fire earth water. There's a very important but this class I'm not going to be talking about that.


For a very specific reason and I don't talk about the modality Cardinal fixed or mutable. I don't talk about that either in this class because When you read up on aspects, especially like a square they will tell you that.


that the let me go back to this that so for instance in my chart the ascendant and the Venus are squaring each other that the modality is the same. It's fixed and fixed or in terms of Gemini and Pisces. It's mutable mutable same modality.


But different elements and that's the conflict. So they both share the same type of modality which makes it difficult. The reason why I'm not talking about this and not using this in this class is because you I don't have one in my chart, but you can do I in this random chart.


I don't but I'll use this as an example and I'll see one right off the top but I'll use this as an example.


Actually, I do have one.


But that's obvious. Okay, so I'll use this as an example. So you see the North Node right here at one degree and you see the Sun at zero degrees. Well, this is the same thing. So we have a cardinal sign water Cardinal sign air and at one degree and zero degrees. This is a one degree difference for a square which is three houses away. Boom. One, two, three.


So this is the 90 degree angle and is creating now if the sun was over here at let's say 28 degrees then all the sudden we're talking about what most astrologers would call a Trine even though the by the degrees it's not they always say that the same element aspecting another in the same element is a Trine, but that's not true.


If the sun were sitting at 28 degrees it is still a square. This is why the degrees matter the elements do not when you're when you factor in and really kind of get into breaking down the square itself. You will use the modality you will use the element to describe how to move forward with something.


But you know telling you that it has to be like I said the same modality and different element is just simply not true. And that's another kind of like social media conspiracy, but not even just on social media all the textbooks say the same thing and that's a problem in my eyes because like I said, you could have a 28 degree Gemini sun with a one degree Libra North Node and that is still a square. It's well within the orb of influence and it is in the same element. So that's the reason I'm not doing those in this class. So if you read up on definitions, you'll constantly see that a square is that a Trine is the same element trying to not have to be the same element and we'll get into that as well. They could be too completely different elements.


Where were we compromised bending?


Yeah, so you have to appease both of these energies equally to make it work, right?


It's always considered negative by almost every single astrologer and astrology resource yet without squares progress through action would not exist Mars as the planet of action is not suitable enough strong enough to create progress and action for everything squares create that friction that create resolution that create new opportunities squares can be highly good things highly positive things.


aspects you need squares somebody without squares in their chart may never accomplish anything in their life.


They may But most likely they won't do as much as they could because you need that energy. You need that friction. You need that that disagreement and that Discord to be able to move forward if we could you imagine what sports would be without conflict.


Without competition there would be there would be no sport there would be no winner. There'd be no loser. There'd be no there'd be nothing they would just be a bunch of people just passing the ball around that would be practice.


When I say bending the energies I'm talking about finding.


finding the the way that an energy can play out by saying here's it's lower vibration here. It's higher vibration that will make a situation work and that's that's not something I can really blanket statement any more detailed.


More specific about because it depends on the situation we're talking about.


Sometimes you have to use the lower vibration of a planet. Sometimes you need to bring in the aggression from Mars to get something done other times you want to use passion other times.


You just want to use competition.


It depends on what we're talking about, but you want to bend it so that it is happy and it's not necessarily playing out in its default mode. But you're using both energies to appease. Both energies. Both energies are being used one is not being used more than the other but you are finding the way that it can that it can work. You'll see more of bending energy in terms of like non-lateral compromise when you're talking about sinistry that comes up the most but it's it's definitely used in natal charts as well.


You just made me feel better about my son's more Square.


I'm glad because a lot of people look at their chart and the only thing they point out are all the squares and they're like, oh, you know life is just so hard and like If you would just use that you could do so many amazing things sun and Mars, especially sun and Mars can be you know, your personality your creative drive along with.


actually doing something about it, so Yeah, that could be really great.


My Aries Mars squares my fiance's Capricorn Mars and we talk about how that plays out. We're both stubborn in Conflict. Yeah, and then you have to break down again. You're talking about two Mars so planet of action, but now you're talking about somebody who is they're both these planets are actually hot-headed but in two different ways one of them gets upset first and then kind of cools down and it's no big deal later on the other one builds up over time and then unleashes Fury.


So those are that's how you have to do it, but you have to realize that.


One of you has to appease the the Aries the do it now and the other one has to appease the Capricorn the long-term goals. This is one way you can look at it and taking areas and Capricorn and that square is saying you know what I'm going to create milestones for these long-term goals that way the Aries person feels like they're getting something out of this and the Capricorn person says, okay, but this isn't the final we're just doing little Milestones. We're climbing the ladder to achieve the goals. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this but realize that this is the this is what we're actually aiming for that's one way of how you appease those two energies in a square. Otherwise, you just fight over it. No one ever gets anything done because they are Capricorn is very stubborn. Well, they both are but they're both they're both stubborn because they both want to start things.


So Saturn score your son you would need time to learn on how to shine. So Saturn is Father Time. Saturn does create.


Opportunity when you slow down and when it's Square your son often you want it now?


The sun wants to shine the sun wants to have fun The Sun Also because it's it rules Leo has to do with like I said fun and creativity and like the the inner child Saturn says I want structure and I want to be serious and have responsibility.


So you have to blend in. How can we be both fun and responsible at the same time?


That's how you blend that. That's how you bend the energies. So Capricorn still get in what Capricorn wants with the responsibility of seriousness in the long term goals, but the sun is like I want to do what I want.


I want to play around I want to be happy. How can we be happy? What is it? We have to do with these two energies and these two areas of life because they're sitting in different charts in your different houses in your chart. How do we take these two and blend them together to do you know this whatever Saturn's whatever how Saturn are sitting in appease that in responsibility, but with with the sun and its house, how do you find that right there?


all right, so, let me jump forward so Like I said before both planets, they want to be equally considered.


You can't leave one out in a square. It won't work the friction and the combat and frustration will come out.


Oscillation can be the answer to resolve but either way change is a result Saturn cannot be Saturn the sun cannot just be the sun. The sun says I want to have fun.


But with Saturn there you cannot just have fun.


You can't just be creative. You can't just have your personality Shine without restriction Saturn comes in and says no be a little bit more mature but more whatever.


But sadder by itself would want to be the discipline the disciplinarian the one in authority and then you know, you could if you're looking at the lens of authority you could say. Oh, well the sun says don't be the the whip, you know, the guy with or guy or girl with the whip, you know tone it down a little bit have a little bit of fun bring out your inner child. We can still have authority we can still be the boss, but we don't have to be that kind of Boss.


And that's another way that that plays out as well.


Oscillation, sometimes we're responsible. Sometimes we're not but Oscillation you have to do very carefully because you you have to bring the other one back in pretty quickly. Otherwise, it causes conflict again. So just being Saturn you want to find a way where you're using both of them and changing how they play out.


The next one that I talk about is the trying.


So the trying is should be looking here as well. So here's the square. So if we're talking about one planet here another planet here, this is square and it is three three houses away. One, two three, by the way, I count differently.


Than other strollers, I do not know why maybe I'm missing something but I don't know why they say first house.


They'll say four houses away is a square.


So and they'll count the one we're already in we'll be like the first house second house third house fourth house, and I'm like, that's just a weird way.


Of counting when you're saying away.


So I just say three houses away one two three is square, but just know that you may see four houses from the first planet is a square.


And then trying would be five even though for me trying is one two three four houses away. So I count differently. I want you guys to know that because you will see it differently in other textbooks and other astrologers. I cannot get behind the whole count the plan count the house. We're already in when we're saying it's this many away that grammatically just doesn't work for me. So I do it my own way. But anyway, the next one we're talking about is the trying And again, we're talking about major aspects here.


Beautiful explain your samples helpful for the first time feel like actually understand this. Oh, thank you. Thank you Taylor. I appreciate that.


Oops, there we go. So a Trine this is one that people go Gaga over right? Everyone's like, oh, it's beautiful.


It's harmonious. You have this lovely trying to explain to you in a minute why that's not always a good thing.


In two different ways.


So the first thing is it is a gift because it's a harmonious flow. It becomes a gift. It is something that just comes easy to you.


And that's why a lot of people are so like, you know tulips and butterflies over this in rainbows and whatnot because they're just like it just works don't have to worry about it. It's connected. We know it's connected it sits in different areas of life. They fuse together. It's just so great.


And often it is it's a hundred and twenty degrees apart. Like I said three houses away is how I count it. So if I use my own chart again as an example Here that's not my chart. That is if I use my own chart as an example here and I have Pluto in my moon. So Pluto is down here in the third house at 24 degrees. My moon is at 25 degrees. You can see that they're in the same element when they're in the same element. Like I said, that's the typical definition of a trying is that they are in the same element and that there's a harmonious flow there.


but anyway counting from here one house two house three house four house.


That's how I would do it. That's how I would do it in my head. Like I said, it doesn't matter to me which way you decide to count. Whatever's easier makes the most sense for you is you with this Saturn in my third house it just it the and in Libra the equation has to balance out and when it comes to communication, I'm pretty like I'm even I'm like a grammar Nazi when it comes to writing even my emails people. My wife sometimes is like, why are why are you why do you punctual and she's very much into grammar too, but she's like why your emails sound like you're so serious and I'm like, I don't know it bothers me when there's bad grammar. I want to make sure that there's no miscommunication.


but anyway Yes, my son and Moon are also true also trying and so is Pluto and my son.


We I might hit on this a little bit later. I forgot to do a slide on it but aspect patterns which isn't something I really want to get into anyway, but aspect patterns.


This is considered a grand Trine these three planets are harmonious flow again. I'm gonna tell you why that kind of sucks sometimes but actually since I'm talking about aspect patterns Neptune being opposite my son creates what's called a kite. So it's a grand Trine with two sex tiles which creates this opposition here, which means Neptune for me is the pivot point that I always have to balance out the energies and the gifts.


from my grand trying so when it comes to my seventh eleventh and third houses in order for me to utilize all of these energies, I have to use Neptune to be able to do it which is compassion through teaching. It's really what it is.


And that what do you think I'm doing so that's kind of how it is.


And compassionate through experiences and relatability through experiences as well, which my other channel is something I've been kind of getting into as well.


I answered that yes, I love relief example so much easier understanding awesome. I'll see if I can.


remember to do more All right, so energy seems very easy and very natural between these planets in a Trine and it does you don't even notice it.


That's the thing.


And that's important to know is a lot of people who have trains don't even realize to the point where they take it for granted. They don't realize how easy certain things are for them in their life because they don't they don't know any different for me.


My personality and my emotions go hand in hand how I feel and how I express myself is just it is what it is. Like I I'm not I'm not conflicted feeling one way and expressing myself another way.


Right, like if you had Sun either no aspect at all. Like when you're looking at the aspect chart when I said earlier here and I was showing you the glyphs in each one of these is a relationship. All these empty boxes is that these planets have no relationship to each other. So my moon in my Mercury, I don't say what I feel if I say what I feel it's not because I felt like saying what I felt it's because I just chose to do it.


Okay, but my son and my my moon they are inherently linked. It's very easy through my through the way that I present myself. What I'm feeling like is really hard to hide that.


Yes, very naturally.


So someone who can do a double.


Backhand spring would have a trying somewhere.


No, because that's more of a skill or a talent.


This has to do with energy in terms of like so that's that's a combination of things. So gymnastics has to do with your Mars. A lot of people with Mars and Libra are into like gymnastics and whatnot, Mars and Aries or into gymnastics.


Sometimes they'll have a Jupiter that's in there which makes them very easy to do like repetitious things.


So a double backhand spring Jupiter's probably involved in there because it it's a recurring cycle in a positive way and expansive especially if they're the person who can do like 10 of them, but it has that has more to do with their skills and their talents and Venus will probably be in there too skills and talents rather than The flow of energy which is what I'm talking about.


I have a grand water trying between my sun and cancer Jupiter Scorpio Saturn and Pisces. Yeah, so Jupiter Saturn outer planets, but then you have your sun involved. So a lot of long-term emotional energy a lot of long-term intuition, especially when it comes to like higher education experiences and teaching there and you're talking about Scorpio energy. So you're talking about just kind of diving deep into the things you feel passionate about.


Is pretty easy, especially if there's some sort of mystery involved?


And especially if there's some sort of nurturing but potential nurturing involved as well.


Yeah, absolutely. Yeah.


And it just comes naturally to you. And that's the thing is you don't have to think about it. You don't have to really try all that hard. You just kind of it is what it is. And that's the thing is when we have these so a trying versus I'll answer that one real quick. So try and versus a grand try a Trine is when you have here I'll just go to this chart. That's not a train 26.


Is this one have any? Yes Mercury right here 10 degrees.


And Uranus over here at 12 degrees is a Trine it's cancer to Scorpio, but you notice there's nothing up here in Pisces in my chart in the air. You have three different trines.


All within the same element again. The element is not crucial the sun. They could be 28 and and two degrees and I could still form a grandshrine with varying elements, but the energy is harmoniously Flowing between these and it creates a triangle pattern that you see here. It's an aspect pattern.


And it's because this one shrines this one this one shines this one and then this one shines back to the original. That's a grand Trine a standard trying just one one of those lines.


Sun Moon and ascendant Grand air trying yeah, I don't have that but I have something hmm. It's not exactly sent similar. The difference is I have Sun Moon Pluto. You have Sun Moon ascendant. So yours has to do with your physical body.


And anxiety can be a part of of that as well. So you obviously have to be careful of that.


Let me click that. I seem to only have a Trine with Chiron and ascendant week with Jupiter. Yeah, we'd have to take a look at that but Trying Chiron and Jupiter.


Chiron and Jupiter can expand your personal wounds, but you can you can actually help heal others very easily through teaching and through life experience that type of energy is that you can other people can feel better around you when you communicate your life experience to them to help them get through something.


Let me keep going.


so these planets in a trying tend to come across as an Easy Link, like I said or an automatic inclusion now automatic inclusion, I think is extremely important because when one Is trying the other you don't get a choice on which one is affected and if it is included in how one planet is aspected or one planet is being affected at all.


These two planets are linked. And yes, it's a harmonious flow but it is unrestricted and there's nothing you can do about it. That is where I start getting into the you gotta watch outs, you know section of this and I'm gonna get into that more in a second why shrines are not always good.


They are considered positive by almost every single astrology resource, but they can be taken for granted especially grandtrines without.


I'm fortunate.


fortunate and not fortunate at the same time because kite aspects are not very easy to deal with but it does allow me a pivot point to actually access and utilize my grant trying because Grant trying or trying in general are often taken for granted because like I said before you don't realize that what you do easily.


You take it for granted because you don't realize that other people struggle with that same thing. So it's like, you know, let's say Mercury and Mars are trying with each other. So it's very easy for you to come to make a decision depending on the sign obviously, but make a decision and act on it and get something done just because you thought of doing it. Oh, I think I should do this and then you do it and people are like, how did you how do you always do that? And you're just like, what do you mean I thought about it and I did it. It's like that's everybody can do that. No, not everybody can do that. So many people get lost in their thoughts. I'm one of them. It's very difficult.


For me to act on every impulse now I am you know, I do I say that but at the same time I'm a bad example. I do have that trying actually but There are a lot of people who can't do that. They have a hard time acting on their ideas. What makes mine difficult is so I'm just gonna show you mine. I do have that actually five degrees more six degrees Mercury, so I meant to be random but that's actually my chart.


So this here I I can do the things that I have ideas for I can actually put it out there. So if you know kind of You know, if you're in the vibe tribe and you know, what we do, you know, we have so many businesses and so many things because my Mercury is in the 11th House of hopes and dreams and for me that trying with Mars says I'm going to do them. There's no question whether I'm going to do them Saturn has to do with timing and slow and it frustrates me because I can't always do it and often.


I have to change my route because Pluto remember they go in order, but also I have My Mercury opposite in a very loose orb of influence, but it's opposite my Uranus and that can make it very difficult for me to stay on task because I get bored easily because Gemini does anyway, but then I have Uranus so I'm always trying to switch gears. The reason why I have so many businesses and so many things that I do is because I have to I have to have that because that's my energy when I don't I I'm like what can I do? What's next? What can I do? I need something to do and that's just my energy and I've learned how to do that.


I'm confused about the automatic inclusion because it seems like all aspects automatically include both planets.


So when we were talking about oppositions, for example oppositions do not automatically include both they do in the sense that they are aspecting each other. So there's always some sort of element of that planet.


impacting the other one, but you can choose which which planet you're leaning into. Whereas a trying you don't have that choice a trying it it both of them are brought equally at the same time and you don't get to really choose whichever one is being activated is the one that is being activated and the other one automatically it happens. So to answer this, I'm gonna tell you why I feel trying to be not so fun.


if you have Saturn like I do right now actually I just here we go back to my chart. And again, we're not to trance it's yet, but I'm going to jump into this if you have Saturn which I do Saturn is over.


My moon, right? So Saturn is transiting my moon and it's direct right now and Saturn over the moon has its own implications and they're not fun to deal with because you're talking about the cold rigid Saturn you're talking about your emotions and your emotional state. So this can bring depression. It can bring isolation Minds in my seventh house. So even in my partnership, I still felt lonely and that's been happening for a while now.


Fortunately, it's releasing to use this energy positively I had to really focus in on what these planets meant.


And which is why I'm okay so that I can use Saturn's long-term pressure with the moons. What do I want? What's gonna make me feel emotionally secure especially when it comes to seventh house matters for me. It was my own business and making changes within these businesses.


Even in my partnership how I how my wife and I interact and how much time was I being too independent was I detaching a bit too much, you know from time to time or did I need to like find my own independence? It was all about finding balance within that and that's something that I worked on as well.


But it also impacted without my say my son when I felt down. I felt really down my son was down as well. Meaning. I felt like I was my light had been like dimmed.


And then on top of that it's also with Pluto. So I have this grant Shrine here. So Pluto was also so I ended up having in here, you know, actually and I had some of these conversations that we had like I would get really upset in the middle of a conversation. I'm like, I I know why I'm feeling like this and I have to stop but in the middle of the first few words out of my mouth You know, I I'm feeling a lot of stuff from you know past relationships, which is really what this was, you know, Pluto and Libra in the third house had to do with Communications within past relationships and things being dredged up that I hadn't dealt with that's what Saturn over my moon with the sun with Pluto all had to deal with and then you're also talking about your kids and then you're also talking about, you know, your moods and then you're also talking about like I said, it's the past it's transition. So I had to choose to transform positively in these areas, but I didn't have a say as soon as the Moon is activated. It's it's hitting all of this.


And when the sun is activated my moon and my Pluto automatically activated I don't get to choose. That's the problem in my opinion with a Trine is you don't get to balance it out. It just is and that's the way that I've seen it. I've never seen you be able to If you look at anyone's chart, you look at your own chart you have it and you have a trying you'll realize that when you're talking about one of your planets and it's making a trying to the other that that plan it's always included. So it's always linked together. So it's like if you had if you had the Sun.


Let me pick one this a little easier.


If you had Venus in this that's too easy if you had the sun in the second house and you I'll just use Venus in the sixth house. Then when you're making money.


You're feeling really good when you're not making money you're in the toilet.


There's no and the only way.


The only way to fix it is to to hit one of those two either. I need to make money.


Or I need to get happy. Well, how do I get happy? It's automatically linked to making money. So the only way to make me happy is to use Venus's stuff. I need to buy myself something. I need to make money. I need to eat something because Taurus rules because Venus rules rules food.


And it tanks yourself when you're personality and your son is dimmed because it's Venus and it's trying Venus your sense of self-worth tanks at the same time. It's another way that you can go into depression very easily because you can't you can't do anything about it. You have to build both of them up back at the same time. You can use one to link the other one, but you have to choose the one that's in the second with the second house. It's money. Anyway, so in both of these it has to do with money.


And I could change my job I could do whatever but whatever it is. I have to focus on the first one to link in the second one and it automatically comes.


Does Pluto often represent the past yes because it talks about Cycles it talks about.


Transformation which requires the past into the future using the present Saturn also represents it in the terms of Father time and Karma, but Pluto is very often the past.


So when you see trance, it's too Pluto. Usually it's somebody from the past or something from the past as well.


Like I said earlier you can use one planet.


In the trying to support the goals of the other. So that's really the only way that you can pick and choose but you don't When you choose the planet to affect the other planet, it just automatically affected you're not.


Like choosing to only do this and then not do this right now. It doesn't work that way as soon as you do this. This is affected.


Hope I explaining that right the other ones don't work like that. The square does kind of but the square you can oscillate a little bit the trying you can't the Trine is just it's an open. It's like It's when you plug when you plug in AC adapter into the wall power flows. The only way to stop the power is to unplug it.


Assuming there's no power button on the thing that you're plugging in.


Right. It's just it's like an electric current. There's nothing you can do.


They are so harmonious that they're always affecting each other.


Yes.


That's a trying no matter what you do. They were always affect each other.


And again, this is something that and you can't unplug it. You can't unplug it. That's the thing right? You cannot unplug it.


It's always plugged in so you have to either.


Work at the source of where it's plugged in to affect this or you have to affect this to mitigate what's going on at the source, but you don't get to pick and choose one and not do the other.


They're always connected and that's that harmonious flow and the big thing with trying. It's like I said before is that they can create they can create contention.


Now if that's the right word, they can create a state of contentment. That's the right word and laziness so often people with trines again don't realize that they have these gifts and then they end up not even using them and that's what's really sad about trying is that a lot of people don't even use the gifts that they have because it's so easy for them. They just brush it away and dismiss it and go about their lives.


so you 'd that be read in order like you mentioned earlier.


So yeah, when whenever you're dealing with the aspects, I would always go in order. Mine's a little different because It's a grand Shrine in my chart but in a try and I would always go for the first one first to try to resolve the second one if that doesn't work, then I would take the second one and try to work backwards to resolve the first one but time moves Time flows forward and the energy flows Forward Air from areas all the way to Pisces. So when you're resolving things you always want to go in order unless you have to go backward. The only time that kind of changes sometimes somewhat is when there are retrogrades involved and then you kind of have to realize that they're already working inversely anyway or inwardly So you have to approach it a little bit different, but that was that was from the last class.


So that's we got through. The first four. These are called major aspects guys.


Conjunction opposition square and trying these are the major ones. They have the widest orb of influence the conjunction being the full orb of influence with each other and these are the four that you look at first and I always look at in that order because I want to know what I'm dealing with and I don't make any snap judgments until I've looked at all of them and then considered All Aspects as well.


So now I'm going to get into what they call minor aspects minor aspects.


I don't like the term minor aspects just because it kind of diminishes what they mean. It feels like they're unimportant. They are important. They're just not as influential imminently influential.


As the other four, so the first one I'm going to talk about is the sex tile so when we talk about sex tile here, it's two houses away. It's a 60 degree angle.


And this one is fun. I think I think this one's a very interesting because sextiles are extremely underrated and almost every definition I've ever read about a sextile is wrong.


I found a few places a few resources where they they hid it a bit more accurately. Usually it's independent astrologers on their blogs and stuff. I'm like, yeah, that's it. That's more. What a sex tile is when you read sextile in most sources. They always say it's a minor version of the trying and it is not it is not a minor version of the trying the trying isn't always on connection. The sex tile is not the sex tile is up to you. And I think that's a beautiful thing. That's why I like this aspect all the time when you're looking at someone's chart.


And you come down to the to the aspects here like this is my chart. So when it comes to Mars and Uranus, that's a sex tile.


I can choose to use Uranus and it's my Mars is in my third house.


So I can when it comes to communication I can choose to speak faster.


And sometimes to do sometimes when we're really getting into it. I'm going back home and I go to Baltimore. I start talking to my friends. I'll really start talking faster, but I don't do that all the time.


I don't have to anymore. I actually learn to slow my speech down a little bit so that more people could understand what I'm saying.


But when I'm naturally speaking, I'm really passionate about it. Sometimes I can get really fast.


That's how I used to speak when I was younger and people like I don't know what you say. Can you go back and I still kind of find a balance between the two I do speak.


I do speak faster than some other people and I use Uranus sometimes as well because it's I can create uniqueness in my voice if I want to but I don't have to I can just speak normal. But this does sometimes play itself out. My voice does have like people have a hard time figuring out where I'm from sometimes.


That's not just Mercury and Gemini. It's it's because my Mercury is trying my Mars.


and my Mars is sextile my Uranus and my Uranus is opposite my Mercury so it comes out that it becomes very quick and Rapid Fire and I have to be careful because sometimes If I speak faster, it makes it a little bit easier for me. So if I start picking up the pace like this and I'm talking to you guys.


I'm actually keeping up with my thoughts in my head kind of.


But obviously you can get yourself tongue twisted a little bit sometimes so I like I said, I slow it down.


I've been so excited to hear about sextile since that's the most of my aspects. I also talked fast. Yeah, you can choose to you can choose to talk fast. You can depending on what's aspected obviously.


so so like I said, that's it's a choice. I can choose to slow down. I can choose to go faster. I can choose when I take a break when I get really passionate involved. I can pause for a second.


I can turn off that switch and then turn it back on when I'm ready.


But it is a 60 degree apart direct when it's direct at 60 degrees apart aspect. It's opportunity. You can use it which is why I like it so much. It is harmonious which they get that right, but it is Sometimes a negative and that's important to know as well that sextiles just because they're harmonious in a different way than trying to always on that can create negativity. It can create.


Stagnancy for a trying a sex tile depends on the planets that are being affected in what houses and what else is going on. You could be bringing something in that you shouldn't be bringing in and sometimes the circumstances will bring in and activate a sex tile.


So this is like you don't get 100% choice, but for the most part you can choose when to use a sextile and when not to but the opportunity is there and I like that.


It's not always obviously available. Sometimes you actually have to look into your chart to understand that those two energies can go together a good for instance is in my own chart when I go back here is Pluto at 24 degrees and Neptune here at 25 degrees realizing that I could use my experiences and tell my stories to really have an impact on people in my communication when I'm giving one-on-one, especially in any sort of authoritarian orthought not authoritarian authoritative man or anything that I have knowledge of a subject if it's online or if I'm physically doing the communication understanding that if I either have compassion for people who are learning or if I use my own stories and experiences to link that into what I'm talking about that there's a positive impact there, but I don't always realize while I'm talking that I can use my own life experiences. So that's that's my own personal like Sometimes I forget that I can do that and also.


When I was creating music, I also have a sex talk from Neptune to my moon and I was creating music.


Sometimes I would not I would get hung up on other people and what they felt about my music and instead of allowing myself to really connect and be different in my music and I had to oscillate between that because I always created music that was very future oriented.


But I was always afraid to kind of put it out because I was afraid to be judged on it.


And that's kind of how that played out for me.


So when we're talking about the sense of stagnancy for a sex tile, it's more in the in the case of a missed opportunity. It's potential energy without kinetic sometimes so sometimes you have to look into your own chart and say do I have a sex tile to anything and then you have to analyze the two and be like, oh man. Yeah, sometimes I have done that sometimes I've used this other times.


I haven't and then you can see it as a talent as an opportunity to use it in the future.


It can be considered a pathway for growth because it's a hidden talent. It gives you the opportunity to evolve something you're doing kind of like what I said when I get into teaching teaching spirituality really allows me to impact a lot of people on a very personal level and it's something that I had to infuse into my own identity as well that I hadn't done before because we're talking about the fifth and the third house.


Taking a hobby and turning it into a career is another one but that is with other energies that are infused.


Consider positively severely underrated 100% consider weak minor aspect, but it can be highly transformational. Once you understand where your sex tiles are. You can there's just so much that you're gonna unlock.


And a better description for this energy would be cooperative since the energy support each other upon request. So that's kind of my way of looking at it is that one up one energy cooperates with the other and and create say kind of a support for the other one in like in its own way.


But that's the sex tile and like I said, I really like sex tiles. I think they're important to understand.


But they're not they're not an always connection. So when people lump Or resources lump sextile and trying together. It really bothers me because they're really not at all the same aside from a harmonious flow.


between the two boom semi-sexile it's funny because it sounds like it would be very similar but it kind of has the opposite effect when we're talking about a semi-sexile.


We're talking about the next house over.


the semi sextile is the next door neighbor and this is one I talk about in a lot of people's charts because a lot of people Have a very difficult time understanding this Angie says if something is sextile Chiron, is it a challenge? It can be a challenge it obviously depends on everything that's involved. It can also be an opportunity to find healing in a place that you may not have looked before so whatever that plan it is and wherever it's sitting you may not have realized that by utilizing that energy you could actually work on healing yourself and healing other people.


So it can be a challenge depending how it's affected because Chiron is your wound. It can be that in certain circumstances. Sometimes that energy can be painful.


But conversely you can also use it to to heal.


A semi sextile at 30 degrees one house over is an agitation. It's very rarely. Although sometimes mildly positive. It is almost always an agitation. It is minor Discord. It's nothing like a square but it does create a little bit of whence when something happens and then you have a semi-sexile in the mix. It's like when things happen but not with this.


It's kind of like I don't I don't mess with this is how I kind of read it.


So a direct is 30 degrees apart. Like I said next door neighbors, they don't integrate easily causing disharmony minor disarmony between them. It's not that they don't understand each other. It's just they don't work well together. It's like neighbors that you're you're kind of neighborly, but not really you just they live there. I live here. We don't really talk.


Has a cause and effect type of vibe and are inherently linked a lot of people don't realize.


how these planets are linked together because the first planet when it creates a 30 degree and it's very specific. It's within like a degree to two degrees. It's very tight orb of influence on this one.


when you have again, I use my chart. I have one. I have one's very difficult.


in my opinion so when I Go for my North Node which again is like life purpose in the 12th houses, like spiritual empathy for older people empathy for families spiritual nurturing things like that, especially through transformation in the occult and things like that and realizing that sometimes things that are very close to my heart have to die off in order for me to evolve.


Ah that's been very difficult for me and it creates an agitation because it it affects my ascendant and this is the example that I use towards the beginning of class here is that this 13 degrees in this 13 degrees whenever my North Node the things I'm supposed to be doing in life happen, they make me feel like I don't know who I am anymore.


They make me feel like I can't do the things I want to do or like more importantly that I can't be myself.


and it was really difficult for me to teach actually it took a year of us knowing that we wanted to do Mr. We had just Incorporated Mystic Rebels. It was like six more months before we really got into social media and the three more but it was about a year from the point where I decided, you know, I probably should be teaching I want to teach and then to the point where I actually did my first class that was a year time because I felt like I wasn't supposed to I felt like I wasn't not even that I wasn't capable of doing it, but just that I mean a little bit of that but just just didn't feel fun to me didn't feel like that was my creative expression. That didn't feel like my my purpose.


so I've and I still have this feeling it's so weird like It's just minor Discord. It's like doing this automatically affects this.


In an agitating way and I feel like I'm not supposed to be doing this.


So it's something that you have to resolve on your own and it works in again counterclockwise order with the sign. So I have to resolve this first I had to do this to then allow this and then I also have to work.


I work inversely on this one too. I have to appease this one is the way I see a semi sextile. So I have to be able to teach the way I want to teach have fun doing it and not be so concerned with what other people like I got to do it. It's in the first house. I have to do it my own way. That was extremely important if I could do it my own way, then I'll go ahead and do it and that's what we've been doing is we've been we've been making sure that when I do these things it's on my terms and that's been allowing this to move forward but when it was like When I was first thinking about doing teaching astrology, I was thinking about the whole Mars in Aries means this Mars in the first house means this Venus and Aries means this and like I was like, no I can't do that. I don't want to do that. There's nothing creative or fun about that. And that's the Leo here. There's nothing creative about that style of teaching anybody. Can Google that. Why am I going to repeat this?


So I don't mind doing it for social media, but in terms of like teaching and the reason I don't for social media is there's nothing impacting with any of this. I don't have to worry about that. So it just it is what it is.


So that's how that manifests.


Tell them I disagree. Well, that's me had nothing to do with anyone else. That's my internal Discord.


Your 12th House North there's semi sex tells your Senate. Yeah, it's really where you have to find a creative way to make sure that the second planet and that's what it is is the first one affects the second one. So you have to go to the second one in the semi sex tile and say, okay. How do we make you happy with this and you'll see it all the time and people's charts like I did this and this but then I can't do this because this is the problem and I'm reading it in their chart and like, you know, they are inherently linked so you can resolve this energy, but it's not easy you have to you have to work with the energies to resolve it every single one of these energies can be resolved understanding what type of energy you're dealing with is the step closer to being able to resolve it. But the whole purpose of learning why a 30 degree in a 60 degree are completely different versus a 90 and 120 degree which is you know, square and trying It's extremely important because the flow of energy tells you okay, if I want to accomplish this and I have to plan a square. I know that they're in conflict in order to resolve the conflict. I have to appease both of them. That means we have to do something creative to make sure that both of them in their areas that they sit in are happy.


With the semi-sexile the second one is usually the issue when you do the first one it affects the second one.


Your Trailblazer teacher I have to be and I hope that it comes out that way.


So you work with the first plan to appease the conflict the second one technically I yes, but I work I work first with the second one to know what needs to be appeased so that when I work with the first one I can then factor that in so I actually in a semi-sex style.


I kind of do it backwards because I know that the effect is to the second one. So I need to know what's what's your problem number two? What's how do we resolve this conflict once we resolved this conflict and I know what it is. That's bothering you I can go back to the first planet and say okay in order to still do this. We have to make some changes to make sure that we round about hit this one and it feels right and then it grows into a strength and that's the thing that that I think I didn't write on here, but I think it's important to understand. It's that my sex how can be a strength because it's the first planet supports the second planet in order.


Once you appease how to make them work together the first one becomes the support and feeds into the second because the second one doesn't have the knowledge of the first one the first one's like hey take my wisdom and use it to be yourself for us with the North Node in the 12th house. Whatever this North Node represents seems I'm not even showing you whatever this North Node represents here.


It's going to feed in to create a better second, but I have to know what the second needs in order to go back to the first and do that.


So Mercury won son to us son.


What's your problem? Yeah.


What what makes you happy and you have to know what planet we're talking about. Right? So the sun is inner child creative expression happiness vitality.


Personality ego so with your Mercury it's like saying things to not conflict with your own ego when it's in your own chart. So it's like how do you say things? How do I have to say things so that my ego feels good. How do I word things so that I don't feel like I'm going against my own like my own Pride I can still say things to be proud of what I'm saying, but I'm I'm using in that scenario Mercury's house placement everything about Mercury. It's condition to strengthen the Sun.


The first teacher of our time who is pure entertainment wouldn't I call?


Thank you.


Why is the planet in the 12th house the first planet? I'm not understanding the order in which you read the planets, so.


It's in order of of these zodiac in traveling so to get from the to get to the first house.


I have to be at the 12th house to restart the cycle.


I can I can see why you're you're looking at it the other way because technically the first house will be first but it's it has to do with the order of the angle. So we're talking about a 30 degree angle. So we're talking about these two planets here. And then you have to look at the ones that are involved here, but we're looking at these two planets.


Which ones first of these two it's not.


We see it that Aries or the first house is first and when it comes to the seasons and the equinoxes and whatnot. Yes, it is in how we read it. It's the baby Pisces is the elder and it kind of goes around like that.


But when you're reading it in succession, it's kind of like I don't I don't know if this is going to stick but I'm gonna try this analogy.


If you are selling something you have your own business and you have a dashboard when you go into the dashboard you have some options to look at your analytics to see how much money you've made so far. There's an option usually say from the first of the month through now, let's say it's the 25th of the month.


It's not but let's say it was if it's a 25th of the month. You could say I want to know from the first of the month to the 25th of the same month and then you would have 25 days using the first as the first point and moving forward. But if you use the rolling 30 days, it goes back to the 25th of the previous month meaning it crosses this first house this first line barrier, right?


So for over here the 25th or whatever and we Circle back around in the 25th of last month would be sitting up here. If this were indicative of of a Time map, right this came first and then as we travel forward to get to where we are so in I hope that's stuck. It's it's all at the top of my head analogy, but when it comes to the succession of the planets the easiest way to look at it as I've got this I got the North Node at 13. I've got the ascendant at 13. I'm dealing with cancer and I'm dealing with Leo in the grand scheme of everything. Which one comes first cancer or Leo cancer comes before Leo if you are talking about Pisces and Aries.


When they are next to each other.


When they are next to each other which one comes first Pisces because Aries can't be first because Taurus is next. We will be skipping a bunch.


They have to be of the two we're talking about which ones first.


It's Pisces moves over. Okay, get it cool.


sweet I would love to explore this semi-sex type with you my charts some juncture or standard cool. Yeah.


So Melissa, so funny, I know that my Venus issue.


I know what my Venus's issue. So I need to reconcile it with Saturn.


There you go.


I'm glad that you got some clarity out of that that comment makes me believe that this illuminated something for you.


Think of Seasons leaves fall first, yeah.


Yeah, whatever makes it easier for you to remember. It's always in succession.


So yeah, it's a cause and they flow in here you go. Again the energies flow in order.


So to resolve you must appease the first placement in order of the zodiac and be creative to use it positively I should have continued that sentence by appeasing what the second needs.


When used positively the initials planet's wisdom can bring strength to the planet's expression the SEC the next planet's expression while maintaining their respective roles respective roles is extremely important as well when we're used when we're talking about the first planet in the second planet. The first planet is not impacting the second planet's Jive like all of its stuff here. It's still in its house using its wisdom in its sign to help support the other one. So if we're talking about Cancer and Leo then the natural for my chart here.


Then my North Node in cancer the 12th house elements and the sign of Cancer everything that it represents is now being brought to help Leo, but I'm not becoming a cancer. I'm still Leo. I'm still me but I'm using this empathy. I'm using the spirituality. I'm using behind the scenes. I'm using transformation using all of this and my life purpose to support what I can be.


Because I'm not just supposed to be my midheaven my North notice connected to my ascendant how I present myself in the world is linked to my purse my to my North Node to my life purpose meaning I have to use that or it becomes an irritation and agitation. I will feel like I have no life purpose because my ascendant is trying to do its own thing and not listening to the wisdom of the one before it.


And that's why this is so important which is why I don't like when people when people us me, whatever are calling it a minor aspect.


because some of these minor aspects are very important in your life because once you resolve them you gain this like this next level of of just knowing yourself and being able to unlock different things which is what the energies are supposed to do.


Semi-square I don't use this one as much I look at it.


This is not included on this little diagram here. I look at it. I don't pay too much mind to it.


I have a semi-square here.


between in my chart between Saturn and Uranus has to do with my career and online there's agitation trying to have authority on because my Saturn's in the third house Authority through my communication can be very agitating to my My online presence So and I've seen that play out is you know, I I have authority on a lot of things. I know a lot of stuff but when I come across as the guy who knows it then you know with even with friends because Uranus rules friendships, even with friends, they're like shut up like they don't want to hear it and it's the same thing with online social media people don't want to hear it and it's interesting because you would think that it would just be Universal. It's like, oh people don't want to hear when other people, you know have the authority whatever but that's not true. It's my energy. It's when I come across as I know it I have to be very careful with how I resolve these things. If I'm I have to bring uniqueness into it. I have to bring education. I have to bring my own experiences to justify everything here also.


With the queen kunks which were about to talk about after semi-square with my Venus. So it this whole thing has been a freaking Journey and my Saturn return had to do with a lot of this stuff and it was just Man, it was something it's been something in my life semi-squares that minor conflict.


It's it's less intense than the conflict of a square a full-on square. It can create stubbornness within the mixture of energies. So and that's the thing is I want to be able to express that but I have to know that there's a semi-square there. I have to know that when I do that that people are going to react negatively and I'm going to get Kickback. I'm going to get people who say nasty things and that's what ends up happening is. I say I'm the authority I'm gonna tell you this is how it goes and I could be a hundred percent right? I can even try to do a compassionately. If I don't use the full on Sagittarius energy. It just does not play because I do have Neptune at my disposal with that energy there.


But because it's in the same house as Uranus which is part of that semi-square, but if I don't use the urine is properly then it just becomes this problem and it's agitating. It's literally frustrating and that's what the word is. This is the power word frustration and that's exactly how it feels the energies are very frustrating to work with because often it feels like it shouldn't play that way like it shouldn't play I always feel in my chart and I know my wife I'm pretty sure my wife had a few that we talked about and some other people's like you shouldn't feel that if you have if you know how to do something and you tell somebody you shouldn't feel kick back on that. You shouldn't feel like people are agitated with you that you're trying to push something on them. Like I'm not I'm not trying to tell you anything. I'm just saying you ask the question. I answered it.


Well, who are you? Well, it just becomes the thing and you're just like why well, I know why now, but when I was younger had no clue why it would play out that way for me. It's this friggin semi-square so it is frustration for sure mine.


like 45 degrees When it's actively utilized you can make severe progress and alleviate the agitation or the frustration that's going on and creates external events as a result of the inability to naturally fuse these energies together. Like I said, when these energies happen, it creates other people to react to me, that's the external event that I'm talking about and if we were to talk about all the things with career and changing jobs and how that would you know, play in as well which I did all the time. I changed my career constantly and that created it an issue. Sorry, you can't see that and that created this issue with having stability within a job or having in your respect specifically with my father. I had huge issues with my father and I was I never understood why and I'm gonna talk about a queen kunks in a minute because my Venus is Queen Kong's my Saturn which is semi Square my Uranus so when I kept changing jobs and I changed in the different fields all the time. It was always something completely different.


My father would be like, I he I remember one year when he was still doing my taxes when I was very young.


He's like There are 14 W-2s.


There are 12 months in the year.


Why are you making me do this? And I was like Dad. I just wanted to change jobs. I wasn't happy. I wanted to move and you know, I didn't understand which is what a queen Kung says. We'll get to that in a minute why this was such a problem.


and it had to do with the fact that I couldn't find a job that I was comfortable with and I and ironically the jobs I ended up staying at before I ended up going solo independent, which is also Uranus were in the technology field cell phones Radio Shack AT&amp;T Sprint and Verizon. Those are the four jobs that I actually held on to for any significant amount of time and that's resolving. I didn't know at the time but that was resolving this semi square and also at the same time appeasing my son.


So it's interesting how it plays out before, you know astrology and you kind of look back on things and then how you can use that to move forward.


To do how can they and this is the point? How can these two energies kind of act like a conjunction? That's there are semi-square. They're not that far apart. They're 45 us a house and a half. So to speak how do you make them work together? How do you make both of those energies come together?


and and work together. That's why I explained that Saturn and Uranus for me is not about one over the other. It's about both.


It's about being unique with it.


It's about you know, having the the experiences and The Compassion or even being creative with it is extremely important.


When applying so we didn't talk much about this but applying and separating. Like I said, the faster Planet coming up on the slower planet is applying and as it passes and leaves it's separating when it's applying an aspect is stronger when it is separating an aspect is weaker, but also and I want to use this example because I think it is super duper important.


And I'm trying to remember the exact time.


I don't want to change that. I just want to do this and I think it was December like 20th or something like that of 2020. That was the great conjunction that is going to help me explain.


something Right here. Boom. So the great conjunction that happened a lot of you guys.


Everybody taking this class should remember this right? This was a huge huge thing going on a couple of things of note is that Pluto was within the orb of influence of both of these planets. That is something that nobody discussed not a single person.


Discussed this and I was all and I wasn't doing astrology like live and in public at the time and I was always like why is nobody talking about the fact it's not just Jupiter and Saturn it has nothing to do with astrological ages. By the way astrological ages are calculated by the wobble of the earth using the North Node. I'm sorry the North Pole direction towards Which Constellation it's in so we are in the age of Pisces for clarification if anyone had that question, but nobody was sitting here talking about the fact that Pluto was involved in this but even if Pluto wasn't involved, The faster planet is Jupiter. The slower planet is Saturn Saturn's restriction Jupiter is expansion the planet in the lead always takes control.


That's extremely important when you're talking about these energies as they move forward and you're talking about applying versus separating as Jupiter was applying to Saturn. It was much stronger than when Jupiter was leaving because Jupiter was leaving the grasp of Saturn as opposed to the energies coming full force at each other. It's a car coming at you car moving away at some point. They're still danger because they're you know close enough for impact.


Once Jupiter, I don't know if you guys remember this but right around this time leading up to this was terrible for like everybody because everybody most people didn't know how to utilize this energy but once Jupiter passed Saturn things got easier, but how can that possibly be when they're still conjunct? It's because separating aspects which loosens the Amplified energy, but also Jupiter took the lead so now Jupiter's energy comes first and then Saturn's energy to cling on to it which brought the Restriction afterwards. So when you're reading these Transit, it's extremely important to understand that the lead planet is the one that's influencing the most when you're talking about conjunctions, So the semi-square can be internal like frustrating other people but also internal like having personal frustration. So it is it is personal. So this is where the square and the semi-square are very different.


The square is internal. It is you it's within you you want to do this you want to do this. They're fighting each other and you have to find a resolution so that you can move forward the semi Square creates that same frustration agitation, but it's external it's outwardly presented. It's less internal you don't notice it as much as other people notice it within you. It's more of an external.


expression of that energy flow and Uranus semi-square Neptune means what so Uranus has to do.


Uranus has to do with friendships technology groups. The future hopes dreams plans technology and that is creating a frustration with Neptune which has to do with illusion.


So this so that right there can mean that friend depending on which one's first especially but friends can think that you're ghosting them potential friends can think that you're not being truthful about certain things. Even when you are that could be really difficult. You could be using Neptune for spirituality and your independence of spirituality.


Sends a message to people in your outward Circle.


Or anyone in your environment that you're some sort of like.


Hippie or you know Rebel of sorts, even if you're not really expressing it like they get that vibe from you could also have to do with music could also have to do with you know, you know, you liking unique music can cause conflict with other people.


not me having my Mars and Taurus and my square midheaven and Gemini, right so Your Mars and Taurus your Mars and your mid Heaven you have to realize that what you want to do and what you're gonna take action and how you take action is going to affect your career and that other people are going to be affected in the process of doing it.


especially with the communications that have that happen within and people may think that you you don't budge and that you're a little too.


demanding Sun Aries seventh house semi-squares my Aquarius. Okay. So the other way fifth house Venus is my creative expression annoying. It's not it's not always annoying. It depends on the planets that are involved but it creates a frustration that creates outward situations. So it's not that it's annoying all the time. The frustration is you is is within you it's frustrating for the person who has it not for everybody else. So your son your creative expression and and the uniqueness of the things you value in your creative expression can make it very difficult to For other people to truly appreciate because you're talking about Venus to other people to truly appreciate what you're doing or to make money off of.


You know your work you would have to find a way to appease both of those so that you can better make money better have self your self-esteem. You would actually use your your own personal values within your art.


to help like manage that assuming art is a part of that.


does personal you can also feel like your children if you have children that they are like That they don't eat the things that you want them to eat because they're very independent and quirky when it comes to food.


this personal or outer plants make any difference how to deal with aspects or it's not a factor that that's a really good question because a lot of a lot of astrology sources harp on the fact that outer planets don't matter which is So so far from the truth the inner planets moved the most and therefore they become more of your daily expression up to Mars. So Sun Moon Mercury Venus and Mars. There was five planets are your personal planets? They're the ones that you interact with on a daily basis. They changed the most they're most volatile.


I don't know follows the right word but most.


They're the most interactive. I'll just say it that way. The outer plan is from Jupiter all the way to Pluto are.


Longer-term planets the further out you go the longer term it is and the last three Uranus Neptune and Pluto are considered generational planets.


I don't know why they are so overlooked the concept is that too many people have the same planet in the same house, but the degrees the aspects the deckons all the transits all of that matters. So to say that one doesn't matter over another one you're gonna feel on a more daily basis the other gonna feel longer term thematically, they're all important. So when I look at aspects, I do not I know we each one means that's really all that matters to me. I don't treat outer planets differently than inner planets. I know that the outer planets are slower and more thematic. The inner planets are a bit more of your your forward-facing demeanor.


But aside from that I treat them pretty much the same.


I'm a professional artist. It's hard to have my art valued because the way I creatively express it. Have you been having issues with selling it?


and it it would have to do with You know Uranus Venus and Uranus is also one of those things that like the frustration could be that you have to hold on to the art a little bit longer and try to sell it later.


Because Venus and Aquarius can be some can be someone who your art.


Has this future vibe to it that isn't appreciated just yet and it will be later.


But again, we have to look at all of the aspects because there might be other things that are factoring in that play in and change that even more but yeah, you would want to look to see why is one.


Aspecting or aspecting and semi-squaring the other one and how can you use one to fuel the other one? How can you use the Venus and Aquarius to really express some things you maybe you wouldn't before?


Yeah, and that's what it comes down to it's that on and off again with Aquarius of whether or not you're able to.


Put value now, if you start doing art that's very Aquarian related and Infuse your what was the areas? I don't have it up here. I think it was Aries you said and if you some of that like more masculine tone to it, you'd probably be able to sell more quicker and probably get more value out of it as well. But like I said, we'd have to look more into your chart or you'd have to analyze your chart more to see how that that plays out because you need to appease that agitation and that frustration and you can use it. Like I said every single one even though it's frustration.


That frustration can be turned into something very positive.


And the queen conks mmm.


Poor old Queen Cox. So Queen kunk's is a 150 degree angle and a queen Kong.


If you have your first planet here in the second one five houses away. It's the the house on either side of an opposition.


So it's very easy to find when you're looking for it when you're looking at my chart. I have boom boom.


I have Venus and it is Queen Kong's my Saturn I have Chiron which is Queen Kong's my Pluto Chiron as Queen Kong's my Neptune. There's the main ones that I have.


So the the theme with a queen konks is that it is a misunderstanding. It is a compartmentalization because one energy is so different from the other one that they literally does not understand each other. So therefore when you do one it feels like you're overcompensating for another one.


It is a very difficult.


Set of energies to integrate when it is integrated.


It's amazing, but you still fully don't understand it and it's so weird and I know that because I'm using my Chiron in conjunctions or queen Kong's the other word for a queen Kong is an inconjunction.


I'm using my Chiron.


With my Neptune with my Pluto. I'm literally doing tarot in astrology to heal other people. It does in my chirons in my tenth house. It does not feel like it is supposed to I don't feel like I'm actually healing anybody or helping anybody honestly.


I feel like I'm talking about a bunch of stuff. That's my hobby.


And I've communicating it.


oops So there's my hobby. There's my communication and somehow it's my career. There's value people are finding value in it and I'm making money doing it and it doesn't make any sense. It really doesn't make any sense to me.


And that's the thing with in conjunctions or queen Kung says is that they don't make any sense. They don't feel like they're supposed to be integrated. And usually they don't the other one that I have which is very obvious is You know Venus and Saturn and that Venus rules Partnerships. It rules money.


It rules value. I've had a very difficult time.


Finding value in any career that I've ever had.


I've always been able to make money because Venus is in my 10th house. But at the same time, I've also not really.


Understood how to make money I just do it. It's really weird. I know how to make money but it's like I simultaneously somehow don't really understand the systems of how everything's calculated and it all at all times and therefore to make more money. I change how the system is used to use a system in my own way because the standard way of using a system never works for me. So in order and I want my money, especially when I was working commission jobs, so I would I would understand the system.


And then understand how to make money from the system not using it directly and that's my queen Cox because to do it correctly. I don't know how anybody made any money.


And I would always make more money. That's the thing with a queen conchs. It's an amazing energy and most people feel like those energies can't work together. If you have a queen kunks in your chart. Like I said, I have three which creates a yacht as well in mind, which is an aspect pattern.


I'll do a class on aspect patterns, but once you understand it once I understood that I once I find Value in my career, once I find Healing within astrology once I find Healing within the occult and communication and working one-on-one and then because of that sex tile teaching it.


That's healing me. It's giving me a sense of purpose which is also your tenth house and my mid Heaven. Is there something that doesn't really make sense to me because the energy seem to conflict my childhood pain related to my father and never here's the thing. Here's one way it plays out is my Chiron Square my moon and my Chiron In conjunct or quaint hunks both my Pluto in my Neptune is that I will never know my father ever. I will never know his name. I was lied to Neptune. I was lied to by my birth mother.


sextile Moon And also Square Moon, I was lied to by my birth mother of who he was when I did my own research.


Here Jupiter coming in over Jupiter on my IC Scorpio fourth house wanted the secrets research deep research with Pluto Libra.


And I found out all the legal information. I actually used legal documents and court documents to find everything else out I could but realizing that these in conjunctions means I'm never going to know who my father is and that was a deep deep wound for me.


And it sucks.


I had to turn this around in the way that I decided to turn it around is a I I make sure my my children all know who I am like who I really am.


And B, I also took solace in the fact that my father doesn't.


Does not represent who I am I actually had to take this self-worth in this value here and to realize that my value and my self-worth cannot be connected to my father because I'll never know who he is.


If it's who they think it could be he's dead.


But they don't even know it's him and they didn't know his name anyway.


So that's kind of.


That's how some of my queen kunks's have played out quincx's to me.


No one talks about Queen Cox's. It's almost impossible to find information. I've had to dig and dig and dig and dig and like play around with it and like figure out like how is it actually played and it took me a long time some aspects of the queen Kong semi chart. I'm still like, okay. How does this really fuse together? Because the energy doesn't understand each other.


So to try to understand how it can work together. It's like this whole mind mess up.


But it creates a compartmentalization of energies. If you focus on one area of Life, the other one has to suffer or feels like it can't be involved. This is different from an opposition because you're not you're not feeling out of balance.


You have two incompatible truths within you when I do this, this is how I feel and this is what I do when I do this blah, but they never work together the key.


Is to make them work together because once you make them work together you unlock new doors to all kinds of things. You never thought were possible.


You can overcompensate in one area over another another way that mine actually played out is having value working with a partner. I always I had a really hard time until Ashley realizing and this is me playing with my queen kunks and realizing you know, what when I rewind time every time I've had a partner.


In my career it is done nothing, but benefit me.


And I have to have my partner as part of my career at all times. Even the Logan Theory which is my other channel. My wife is a part of that and she'll come from time to time. It should be a part of that but that is My wife brings the value into my career and to my Public Image because it's in the 10th house when it's just me. I have lots of issues with this or when I try to what I used to do is my partner would work with me.


But I would kind of be like I don't want you to really couldn't because there were a bunch of other conflicts because I didn't value that it created all these other issues and it just became a mess. So now I I know that my partner is integral to my own success and that's because of this queen kunk's even if I don't understand it because sometimes I feel like what I'm doing and what she does don't really line up but it's not about that. It's about the value that's brought in especially with reputation healing Public Image all that within my own chart. So it goes very deep quincx.


Ashley you are really impacting people such incredible level. Oh, you're not just so appreciate. Thank you for the value you bring thank you. I appreciate that.


I'm gonna cry Taylor. Wow, and you were talking about Pluto and relation to past relationships in a different way at the beginning class two amazing how plus so many things? Yeah, Pluto Pluto is like I said when I do people's readings Moon Chiron Pluto understand those three things and you'll be unstoppable.


Are you saying a queen Kong says the same as an in conjunction? Yes, I am Danny.


They are two words for the same thing. Sometimes you'll see the word Queen Kong. Sometimes you'll see in conjunction.


So conjunction with an in front of it.


Surprised I didn't write it on here.


so it happens when you do this, like I make these materials and like 30 30 to 45 minutes and then I just move on with life.


Let's see do do. Yeah. So if you focus on one the other one feels left out common ground is very difficult to obtain creates misunderstandings when you're talking about synastry people. Look at Queen Kong says they're in conjunctions in sinistry as you can't make it work. When really it's you just have to respect the other person and that they are different from you and they are different than you and you can still be a part of it. You don't have to understand it. You just kind of go with it and that makes a relationship stronger.


Direct integration is not possible. And that's important too. If you try to just fuse it together normally and say okay. I have an in conjunction with this planet in this planet just work together just work together. It won't work. It it cannot work. They don't understand each other. There's no common ground and you'll see that in your life the way that it plays out is something gets in the way.


This is where because they have nothing in common remedying this requires Creative Solutions. And/or Blind Faith.


You have to intentionally creatively come up with a solution that allows you to integrate these two sets of energies and pull them together so that they can work together and the Blind Faith is just because you it doesn't make sense. I can only tell you from personal experience that it just it doesn't make sense, but it works. I know I'm using the energy I'm knowing using this energy. This shouldn't work, but it does And that's how that works.


Mercury in conjunct Pluto the houses are very important. But basically anything that's deep and transformative in your life. You feel like you can't discuss it like discussing or thinking about things from the past, you know the past days in the past and and I think what I think or things that are transformational you feel like you you can't utilize That energy like the ability to change and again, like I said, whatever's impacting Mercury whatever is impacting Pluto in the houses that it's in are extremely important, but it's this how you think and how you communicate does not bode. Well with like deep bonds I can also make it very difficult for you to discuss anything intimate, like actually have intimate like dirty talk would be very difficult for a person with that thing because it feels like you're not supposed to do that like Pluto is Pluto sex is sex like intimacy is intimacy and the way I think and the things I say are what I think and say and there's no integrating though. They're separate things.


Pluto Queen kunk's midheaven, I see that as I don't see ways. I can transform through my career. Yeah, that's one way it's very difficult to have a career and also use plutonium themes.


So you may be chasing the same type of career all the time, even though your career requires you to utilize Pluto's energy in whatever sign that it is and whatever aspects are happening to that. So Pluto has to do a transformation anything is deep down shared resources. Maybe you feel like you can't borrow from other people's work like your work has to be uniquely yours and you can't take inspiration from other people.


Because you're maybe you're afraid of copywriter, whatever it again.


If it's in Pluto and Libra, it would be something legal like copyright. But if it's in another house, it would be for a different reason.


There you go.


Pluto third house. So yeah, it has to do with you know.


Yeah, that would be one reason that plays out actually.


and you also have to you have to talk about the depth.


you have to discuss the depth in your career, like your career requires you to communicate deep feelings and Deep Emotions and upheaval and chaos and allow the chaos to be part of your you know, the other thing is you feel like you can't sell like you can't sell your your work for a lot of money.


Which is not true at all.


Or you feel like you can't sell it and have a Public Image, which would be another thing if you made Heavens in the tenth house your reputation.


Yeah feeling like you you have a hard time selling it yourself. Like you have to sell it or you like you couldn't fuse these two together have have a career that involves all of that.


Jupiter fourth Queen kung's Pluto in the 11th This was that about when you ask if divorce.


Made sense. Well the signs and anything else in the chart have I have to look at everything but Jupiter has to do with luck teaching career anything like your own opinions things like that, and then Pluto in the 11th has to do with like deep bonds with friends or you know changing of technology and things like that.


fourth house Pisces, so it's oh my goodness brains hurting.


I'm doing all this in my head guys.


So fourth house.


Jupiter in Pisces 11th house Libra so Pluto in Libra in the 11th house. Yeah.


Yeah that makes it seem like the dissolution like you have to keep going like the option of divorce.


Doesn't seem right for you because you with Pluto and Libra that's sticking it out. That's that's deep bonds within your relationship.


also friendships and then has to do with how you how you value your friends your your friends or your partners friends versus your home. Maybe you don't like to bring them in.


Is third house related to selling? Yes Mercury is sales. So the third house being naturally ruled by Mercury or Gemini is sales as well.


Yep.


Okay.


So that's the queen konks. I'm not gonna talk much about the quintile by quintile. I made you guys a slide so that you could look into it. But this this is a good place to find creative talents and hidden natural abilities.


They're hidden. You don't realize you can do them until you do them. And then it's like oh, yeah, I can do that. It's that kind of energy. There's 72 degrees and 144 apart and when you talk about the guy quintile at 1:44, I'm sorry.


You're talking about Quinta 144.


then your where'd it go?


Have it then you're talking about a very slim margin between one of these angles versus the queen kunks because the queen Kong is 150 degrees. And then when you add in the orb of influence of about, you know, three three degrees or so, you're going to like 147. So 147 is like make or break between these two angles.


I usually stay pretty close to one to two degrees though. So it's not really a big deal the quintile when you see the quintile it shows where you are creatively Innovative and purposefully manifest things. This is intentional. This is where you can create things that you want can show compulsivity in behaviors when activated this is something that when you do it you want it it is yours and you kind of like you you obsess a little bit in this Arena over this Talent.


It can be expressed possibly or negative. It's usually overlooked but it can give you drive passion and purpose. It's an external expression. This is something that You do outwardly you you using your career you use outwardly use it when you're dealing with people.


And it it motivates you because it's a talent that you can actually use a by quintile shows you where you have access to creative and artistic talents. It's less obvious. It's harder to to grab onto and it works inwardly.


This is like I can do certain things as opposed to I can like make certain things. It's I can do certain things. It works inwardly. So it's really good for bringing Creative Solutions to problematic issues. So it's like if you have by quintiles in your chart, let me see what I have. See if I have any okay, so there's a good example here so by quintile at Forty I have those backwards by the way, the buy quintiles the larger one, which is what was throwing me off for a second.


I have to reverse that.


but the where's the button the by quintile that I have?


Here is between Mercury and Jupiter. So when it comes to Like online. I'm very good at this is actually perfect example.


the whole reason that I was able to create.


My own system in astrology you may have heard me say this over and over is because I obsessed and I dove deep through hundreds and hundreds of online resources.


That is because my Mercury is by quintile my Jupiter.


And Jupiter is on my IC. So something that I was passionate about it is in Scorpio, which has to do with diving deep Jupiter's very expansive. So obsessive expansively obsessive and then Mercury is in Gemini information 11th House online and then the sun is just Vitality meaning I could just keep going going but the by quintile is between Mercury and Jupiter.


This is why if you ever come I have one two, three, four five. I usually have five or six monitors around me.


and it's because I have all of this here and I know where everything is and I just kind of scan through and then each monitor has pages and Pages like different desktops and All the time if I'm using Safari or chrome doesn't matter. I have like 70 to 80 tabs open at all times because I research I tab tab tab. I research click look scan go here. And that's that's a talent. It's not something I express outwardly.


It's something that I use inwardly. That's the by quintile the bike quintile something that you use for yourself as a talent to help you do things. That is one for me. The bike went tile. I actually this is the first time I've even looked at it but as soon as I saw it was like, oh, well, that's why I do that.


the quintile Is more outward?


And there it is. So Saturn here for me is is quintile and then I have Jupiter quintile myself node, which is interesting. But Saturn is quintile my Neptune so Saturn here in the third house and then Neptune in the fifth house. This is more outwardly on how you can like.


Express things so when it came to like my career in music, I was obsessive over that that was the compulsion. It wasn't Obsession as much as compulsion like wanting to constantly do it and when I was in that and when I was in film as well, that's all that was. My whole life was film film film film film film film and just constantly coming up freaking Jupiter energy with this Sagittarius energy just constantly coming up with new stuff.


So but that was outwardly that was creative expression. I was creating film. I was creating music. I was doing that there and there's a bunch of other ways. This can also play out with my long-term like long-term like Authority Communications here.


With Neptune. It's like I tried to take I never liked to be the authority when I spoke in terms of when I was on film sets. I always wanted to kind of like guide people and I wanted to hand off authority to other people which is also how this energy played.


ninth house Libra Sun Quintile my 11th house Sagittarius Jupiter and it is a power to harness. Oh, absolutely and if it's a quintile then it is again. It's external. It's it's creative or artistic talents. That's why I was a good filmmaker is because of that. I was good at making music was because of that Saturn especially when I sat there and I like really put everything into it and I was the one the boss. I was the guy in the films in the music studio mixing everything writing everything doing everything when I was filmmaking. I was the producer I was the director. I was this fight choreographer. I did everything and then I hired other people into take over certain roles that either I didn't want to do or felt could be better in someone else's hands for you. It comes to Libra which is working with other people, especially with opinions and or I could be travel or it could be higher education could be culture and then you have a quintile with your 11th house which is hopes and dreams technology so you can Libra so you can really take this would be really good for like web design actually.


Web design working with International people or doing something that's expanding like building out websites. You would be really well. And obviously I have to see the rest of it. But that kind of energy would would allow you to do those kinds of things.


Also pulling together people's opinions in teams would be a strength that you would be able to do outwardly as well being able to take people's ideas and their opinions and kind of fuse those together to be able to move forward with everything.


Okay, so that's that. Like I said transits are the next part. Those were the aspects each. One of those is a single aspect aspects can be linked together in multiple ways. We will obviously be doing that. You're welcome. We'll obviously be doing that in another class because it's already been over two and a half hours. So we're gonna jump into transits and then more Q&amp;A and that'll be it. So again, I'm not going to talk too much about transits because I'll have to do an entire class on transits, you know to kind of really dive into them. But transit's in astrology have to do with when we pull up this chart in in astro.com. And I activate the transits on the chart. You see these green glyphs that are on the outside. They are the current positioning.


Of the planets in outer space as we see them from the perspective of Earth. It has nothing to do with astronomy because we study Western astrology.


It is not sidereal. It is tropical. It does not factor in the procession of the equinoxes, which is the Earth's basically floating off of its off of the the ecliptic.


or the Earth's relationship with the ecliptic we Determine the planets based off of the point of view based off of the vernal equinox.


Take a drink of water channeling Mama Earth. I should where did my water go. It's over here. I will take a quick sip of water.


No product placement until they pay me.


Just kidding.


We need to do our own water.


which we're actually talking about doing but let's see. Okay, so that Okay, so these green this is where all the the planets are transits are the energy of those planets not inside our body not impacting us on a daily on a personality basis. But how are they?


impacting us outwardly inwardly There's a better way to say that how are they pressuring us? Basically, how is the external Force impacting us and coming in on our lives?


Your natal charts and imprint of the energies of the exact moment in location of your birth the planets continue to move.


Right? So your natal chart is in print of the energies when you were born transits are where they are now transits are the position the planets when you're doing predictive astrology, you can use an ephemeris or software every software like astro.com use this in ephemeris to power it. Basically, it knows the exact mathematical degree of every single planet at any time past present future.


You can determine where they are. Now. You can determine where they were in the past or you can determine where they will be in the future predictive astrology is I look to see where planets are now and I look to see where they are next month when a major transit or major event is happening or at any date in the future. If you know, you're doing something a specific day. You want to know what that energy is gonna be like we can always look at that and then see where each planet is what area of life it's impacting and if it's making aspects with each other.


And/or with you.


So when you're looking at aspects, it's not just your own aspects. That's one level that's understanding yourself, but when you look at where to go when you look at the current planets, which these are the ones for right now all of these now you can draft this as a chart of the moment which pops up just like this and then we can look at it just the same as a natal chart.


So basically this is just the impact of the energies there and I can go down here and I can see all of the planets that are impacting each other. These are the aspects within the transits, but this is just within each other. I would want to know this information to know how each planet out and outer space is if it has a relationship with another planet once it affects me and it affects you in a Transit.


When it comes in like I discussed earlier with Saturn over my moon. This is a conjunction. The Moon is actually conjunct Vesta and my moon as well and then thus forming its own conjunction. So in aspects, this is a conjunction this is a conjunction and then this is a conjunction so we have and then this is another conjunction. So really have four conjunctions that we're looking at at least here Saturn in the Sun. The transits are forming a conjunction in my natal chart my moon in Vesta are forming a conjunction and then the transit impact to me. My transits are forming in a conjunction to my natal and the way you read this is Saturn is conjunct Transit.


Saturn is conjunct Transit Sun.


And that is conjunct my natal Moon and natal Vesta. That's how you would read that.


You can read it. However you want but that's the easiest way transit to natal.


So this is highlighting my career.


This is highlighting. You know enjoying my careers is highlighting figuring out honestly, this is figuring out what I want to do, which is interesting because the last few days specifically yesterday and today have been a lot about my own independence and doing something on my own. I don't know if you guys caught and if you're watching this in like four years from now, this won't make any sense, but I don't know if you caught I think it was yesterday. I did it actually did a terror reading for me live. She had no idea was gonna be asking that specific question. I just told her to have her cards already and it was whether or not I should go off and create my own brand and kind of do my own things separate of Mystic Rebels separate of all the other businesses that we have together so that I have some Independence and it's because of this it's because I need something that's mine. I need something that's going to light up. My fire in the sun is creative expression. The sun is talking about what's gonna make you happy. Where's that gonna be? This is why I Transit class has to be done separately because each planet has its own.


These but when it's impacting you it's outward Force coming inward. So it's not just like career and whatnot.


It's also what type of responsibilities are being pushed on you.


What type of long-term goals are being pushed on you.


And that influence that's coming over to you and for me, it's emotional.


And then you can read it outward as well is what are the things that are long-term that are going to make me feel emotionally content, but also where am I gonna find my happiness? That's also going to Light My Fire. How can I use this energy to spark a fire? And that's the focus transits become a focus the aspects that transits form become a focus and that's what's important you use that energy because it's impacting and it's creating this opportunity for you and it can be an agitation. It can be a struggle.


The biggest struggle with transits to be completely honest like a Saturn return for instance. Right? Saturn return is a Transit. It's one of the most popular transits next to a solar return.


And it just says that Saturn has made its way all the way through the Zodiac and it's coming back on your natal position and the energy of discipline and responsibility is impacting your internal discipline and responsibility and it's forcing you to find alignment between these two things. That's a Saturn return in its most basic form and obviously all the other transits and everything else is impacting at the same time, which creates all the events scenarios and situations, but it's telling you what area of life and what you're supposed to be doing and we as human beings are stubborn.


We always think because the sun's the biggest planet that our ego is more important that we know what's best for us at all times. We know that we want to do what we want to do and Saturn comes along and says, I'm I'm coming in on your third largest planet and I'm you know as the third largest planet and I'm saying no you need to figure out your life and you need to do things that are going to be good for you in the long term and then you can go ahead and factor in your son while you're doing it. But the problem is we ignore Saturn and we we it's like the authority that we're just like no, I don't care what you have to say. And then Saturn is a freaking massive giant planet and we think that we somehow have power over it and we don't we can work with it or we can try and work against it and have our lives be ruined.


So that's why transits are so very important to understand what's happening.


and Transit Sun Saturn exec conjunction with my ascendant Chiron. So this is all about healing for you. This is all about stepping into your own power. You could be stepping into your own power as a Healer like a career in healing or you need to heal your own.


Personality in your own sense of Happiness by figuring out what it is career-wise and career goal-wise and and anything that has to do with long-term goals structuring your life that is going to make you happy.


I've always been made to fear my SAT in return everybody might started yesterday. Oh, so what's happened recently?


If it started recently, there should have been an event within the house.


Everybody Talks, so poorly about Saturn return.


Look I was homeless for over two years in my Santa return, but you know, why because I kept fighting it.


Saturn can be a harsh teacher and that's exactly what happened to me. I fought Saturn at everything and Saturn brings opportunity not in the same way of Jupiter does but Saturn will put something in your plate and say do this. This is this is what you're supposed to be doing and you're like, I'm not doing that. I don't want to do that.


And then Saturn's like okay fine for me. You're gonna be homeless for two years. That's exactly what happened. I didn't have to be but I fought everything.


And you know, that's the way that it played out.


I've Saturn in the seventh House of Pisces, but nothing huge has happened out of the norm that I could think of.


If it started yesterday, you still have a week or two before it will.


Present itself because in order for transits to like Saturn Saturn's a long-term Planet. So in order for something to actually happen other planets have to click in as well. So it doesn't always happen on the day. So within the next week or two, we'll see what happens in terms of relationships.


for you or potentially starting your own business or the the urge to or anything that has to do with like a one-on-one interaction that kind of kicks it off based on all the other transits that happen.


Does does that Transit Saturn conjunct?


Transit Sun aspect any other transits that influence your natal moon or conjuncture Vesta? Does it work it does work like that.


I didn't actually look to be honest with you. So here's the Sun at 24 here Saturn at 27. So it's a three degree orb of influence. There is right here with Venus to the sun. Anyway, a semi-sex tile which we would have to look at. So that is creating.


That would be creating Discord. Where am I looking here?


So Venus is right here creating Discord between this so I would have to appease.


um, it's so it's so ironic too because So the eighth house, which is ruled by Pluto has to do with the past.


We talked about that a couple of times here and Venus has to do with value and Neptune has to do with illusion and compassion and things like that. If I were to look at my chart, I wouldn't need so many Terror readings for my wife because I was so like trying to fight this the reason I'm fighting it is because it's freaking semester.


This is this is why you asked Taylor so I could see this I've been fighting this because this silly semi sex tile But anyway, yeah, it's creating it to this value and money.


I'm like doing this isn't going to bring me anything. It's not gonna bring me any money. So basically what I'm doing is I'm spinning off all my own and kind of like giving advice to help people, you know gain power over their lives and become entrepreneurs and really use their talents. I kind of do that a lot in astrology, but I want to do this with and without astrology and I'm like do I use astrology do I include astrology? So that's kind of being a whole thing. And the other thing is that Venus which is creating a semi sex tile to this conjunction, which is conjunction to my moon is creating a square at 2020 degrees here to my 21 degree son, which is opposite my Neptune and then also has that grand trying so you can see how involved if it can get you have to break. You don't want to get overwhelmed. I'm sorry. You can't see any of that.


So this is the semi sextile right here Venus to this whole thing right here and then Venus at 20 and my son at 21.


That's a square. So it's creating the agitation that conflict between what I want to do and it is an online thing Community friends things like that. So I created a podcast long story short as I created a podcast and I thought I wanted to do politics and then like I wanted to do politics in a way that was like Unity unifying people and it just backfired because I approached it in a way that was like, you know what you're doing silly and then people on one side like yeah, and then I'd be like no no what you're doing silly and everybody be like on this side like yeah and maybe like no and then the unfollow and you know, because people are weird about that kind of stuff and I got blocked and and what do you call it a band off at tiktok, like six or seven times? I ended up stopping it a few times on my own be like, I don't know.


This is kind of making me upset like people negative. I don't like it.


And then I was sitting here like, you know, I kind of want to do what I'm doing with Mystic Rebels, but I don't want to be strapped to just astrology. I want to use more of my own life. I want to talk more about my other projects. I want to be able to infuse just what I what I think about anything like if I want to talk about this water bottle. I want to be able to talk about this water bottle.


And not in like I want to do car reviews at some point, but I don't want to have a car review Channel. But anyways, that was my whole conflict and that's what it comes down to is the eighth house has to do transformation and I'm literally taking an old name that has not been successful thus far in my opinion and we using the name and the logo to restart the same type of project, but I'm trying to figure out how to do it. And this is it. It's I have to appease this whole thing which is the transit going on right now. That's why yesterday and today this has been the theme because I have to use these energies to pull it together. So I am using that and it I am moving forward with it.


But I you know figuring out exactly what it is because Neptune's in that same house that's been the challenge is figure out what it is and realizing I've been struggling with whether or not it kind of do like a tough. Love thing or if I'm just a bit more compassionate and compassion always wins out even if it's not good for views.


So that's the way that I've kind of decided to go and using like my history in film.


I think I'm going to include as well.


Does that send us so that is?


In the Vesta is it's like I really want to do it. I really want to have my own thing. So that's why Vesta was so important there.


am I Angela says I'm frozen. No sound. Is that for everybody? Because I still see me.


Okay, Angie still hears you.


Angela might have to okay good. Thank you guys. Angela might have to restart or hop out and hop back in.


Ah, there she go she did I refresh this working great awesome.


Um, would you mind showing example of an ash on Astro of a Saturn return? I need a visual.


I mean, it's gonna look just like this. It's gonna look here I use mine.


When was my Center return 2010 ish is in there Zone?


so there is that's right. I went in and out of my Center return.


Oh, no, I didn't I was in it just had a retrograde.


That was a fun time.


So here's 15 degrees Saturn returns of 15 degree orb of influence. So mine started basically when Saturn entered Libra just shortly after this is it this is a Saturn return.


That right there and then you have to look at everything else at that point. Saturn was also conjunct my Mars. I remember some things that had happened at that time, which were not wonderful.


Yeah, I remember that time.


Pluto is over my Juno.


I remember that.


And then Chiron over my moon the sun over my Vesta.


There's a lot going on at that time and then shortly after Mars was over my sentence. So so Saturn will be over whatever else you.


Have Center no it's within 15 degrees. So if you have Saturn at two degrees Libra or let's just use a Pisces if you have Saturn at two degrees Pisces and you have to subtract 15 degrees, which means you're Saturn actually your Saturn return actually started at 17 degrees Aquarius.


And then you have two and a half ish years. It's different for everybody. But two and a half ish years of a Saturn return to go through.


And the second half becomes easier.


Unless there's retrogrades.


But the house it's not the house. It's the degrees.


You do go through multiple you go through one from 27 to 31 at some point for two years in there.


And then when you're 50 fourish to 58 ish in that frame you go through another one. It's every 27 to 30 years. You'll go through a Saturn return because Saturn it that's how long it takes Saturn to go through each side of the zodiac.


So does the sun being conjunct Saturn in the transit? Does it soften Sanders restriction at all? I don't know that it's softens. It's restriction it it created highlights. If anything it highlights the creative expression within the long term goals.


It can it can help you align with your ego with ego with pride with happiness.


So it gives you an opportunity during those few days to really look at long-term things and say what's what is it? That's going to make it make it happy. I don't know if soften is the right word, but it definitely changes the flavor or the color.


I used to call it color theory.


But it changes the color coloring of it so that it's not only Saturn. So I guess in that way it does soften it but Saturn's still at full power. It's just Amplified with the Sun.


So it's really shining a light on things. A lot of people these few days are really focusing on Career ideas career opportunities and things for long-term goals. Sometimes it's not career. Sometimes it's just like I'm looking to do something in a certain amount of time.


And that's being highlighted as well.


And authority and having authority over whatever area of life it is.


Pushing a real or realizing that you don't have authority can also be it because you're talking about potential conjunctions.


Or squares or whatever you have to look at everything but yeah, it adds more to it. And in that case because you're blending the energies it can feel softer, but it's still intense.


Pluto is about to Transit into my first house and I'm scared because astrologers preached so much Doom and Gloom. Yeah, it sucks that they do that Pluto over your first house just means everything in your world is going to change that. I just went through that. I didn't go through. I went through a Pluto Square which is probably worse because it's a square. I fought it.


And it's fighting my own stuff. And then now I'm in a Neptune Square.


Pluto going over your first house just means that.


Who you are as a person your physical body the way that you treat yourself. You're the way that you express yourself the way you attack the world all of it's going to go through a in the next 20 years. It's a long Transit and obviously it's much more poignant when it hits your ascendant within a couple of degrees. It just means that everything in your world is going to change.


and Pluto Pluto's power so really Pluto over your first house is giving you the opportunity to change the question is do you want to harness Pluto or do you want Pluto to like run your life?


If you allow Pluto to run your life and you don't use Pluto at all, and you try to resist change, it can be really bad.


That's the dooming Gloom.


You can use it to say you know, what?


Things are now starting to present themselves where I never thought I would do this or I have the opportunity to change this or there's just a lot of things that are coming. It's 20 years. So for me.


Pluto entered Pluto entered my sixth house in 2008 at the end of 2008 and it's leaving now.


in Capricorn and that's my South node, and it just I went from Verizon was the last company I worked for I went from working for Verizon in 2008 in 2009. I left Verizon and became an entrepreneur. I haven't worked for anybody since then that was Pluto that did that.


so when when I say it that way and yeah, I I was homeless during that time, but that was my Saturn return I was I've gone through a lot of transformation. I went from selling cell phones to homeless to background and audience work to becoming a director producer working music videos working Hollywood Videos Pluto over my sixth house. I also worked in the adult entertainment industry for quite a bit. I was a club promoter.


I ended up teaching myself how to build websites and got into Tech. I'm about to get into real estate and fashion.


We do astrology. I use Pluto to now do the occult work in Tarot and things like that. The thing is when it comes to my work and my daily and even my health, I was a bodybuilder for several years during that time. That's all Pluto Pluto is power.


So when it comes to your first house so my career changed a lot because this is my sixth house my health changed and for the better I started, you know, when I allowed Pluto to be beneficial. I started taking control of my health bodybuilding nutrition all that kind of stuff.


when it goes over your first house, it's Taking control over how you can evolve and become better.


If you try to stay the same. It's not going to be good. If you allow the evolution and take that power to step into your power fluid over the first house can be amazing. So I wouldn't fear it unless you're trying to not go with it. If you try to fight the energy, it's not fun.


I have questions about interpreting transits, but you said you're going to have a Transit class. I'm trying to refrain from Rapid Fire questions.


I am you're welcome Brenna. I am going to have I am going to have a separate Transit class because transits I wanted to introduce transits because when you talk about transits aspects come into that plague like transits Jupiter over my my eighth house.


Actually, it's in it's that's from 2010 Jupiter over my ninth house in Aries at certain points doesn't aspect much so it doesn't mean too much. But when it's in opposition of my my Mars, I have to bring third and Ninth house.


Energies together so it it creates that aspect.


Which is why I included some of it in this class but to go through how it actually impacts in general.


It's like taking snapshots and freeze frames of a moment in time. And then analyzing where everything is and how it is or isn't working together. And you know what while I was homeless. I did not realize that all this freaking energy was sitting like that.


And then Brenna asteroids, I'm gonna have a separate class on asteroids. So Chiron Vesta.


Phallus. I don't know why I can't think right now. I don't know if I'll do Eris.


Palace definitely and then I have a separate class at Juno definitely as well. I'm gonna have another class on OEM series. We have another class on the moon which will be the Moon the Moon phases and Cycles a lunar returns and then Lilith and the nodes I'll be talking about so that's pretty fun, too.


I have let me get through this last slide real quick.


Because some of this you're asking planetary Transit meanings this in you'll have a copy of this but this is what each planet means when it passes over your house or it forms an aspect. This is what you have to pay attention to when the sun transits through either a house or hit something you feel energized. It brings creative expression children can be a focus. You just have to be very careful of overconfidence in this Arena or being egotistical or having too much pride. You want to balance that out and you want to use it for happiness the moon I talk about this. I'm gonna have a class just on moon I think or I know but I'm also going to talk about the transits in that class.


because the Moon I follow Moon trance. It's all the time. I never used to pay much attention to the Moon until I realized how impactful on a daily not even a daily an hourly basis. The Moon is earlier today. I was having all kinds of issues and I ended up in a slum and I was just like I don't even understand why I'm feeling it. I understood the energy. So I left the house when I left the house. I was fine when I came back home not feeling so great left the house again, and it's like I wasn't I wasn't looking to like to remedy everything.


I just knew that if I left the house. I was fine, but it triggers emotional reactions to people or situation often time. The moon squares your Saturn. Somebody is gonna have you're gonna have a conflict with somebody over your career if Saturn is opposing your moon you and your significant other may have some sort of back and forth over which can have a compromise over either money or whatever house. It's sitting in like it's just the moon could be conjunct when the Junk's a planet. Like let's say it's Venus again and it comes conjunct. It could be that a money issue presents itself something of value something dealing with money within whatever house it is and you have to take care of it or you choose to let the moon pass by and deal with it later. Which sometimes is the answer.


Can bring focus on the needs of resolve issues beyond the initial agitation, Moon transits are extremely important to not allow it to make you reactionary you will you'll naturally want to react to it and you have to be like no. I know this is the moon that's the key is the whole point of learning astrology and moon transits. I know the moon's doing this. So what is it that I have to focus on. How do I handle this without?


Like causing issues for myself in the future because that's what moon transits can do.


That's why I call the moon a little b sometimes because it's an ish.


So s*** disturber, like a sensor myself as a s*** disturb or sometimes.


At other times it can bring you to highlight and focus on something that needs attention Mercury talks about communication documents siblings cousins that could come back into your life just communication in general. You can also use it for sales and things like that and organize or pay attention to details of something Venus talks about partnership love luxury and money Mars is all about action. It's energy it brings extra energy in the area that it's in or on the planet to do something. It's also really good for sexual drive just be careful of arguments with Mars involved Jupiter's all about expansion abundance luck. It's a great time to learn something and learn something new within the field that we're talking about.


Be super cautious of overdoing. It's also teaching. Sometimes it's learning. Sometimes it's teaching for me right now. It's teaching careful of arguments. I'm sorry cautious of overdoing Taylor's here. You can get fat off a Jupiter. You gotta just be careful with Jupiter because it can make you over indulge in things.


Because it feels so freaking good Saturn is brings restrictions in the way of long term goals. Really what it does is Saturn paves out the way and says focus on this and you know, you can't have all your good stuff back until you focus on this and then once you do all your good stuff can come back be careful of depression and isolation with that Uranus is always abrupt change in some way. Something is going to change it could be right now Venus has been or you're in it's been over Venus for me. So it's all about change and values change and self-worth change in money Venus is in Taurus anyway, so change and money technology with money A lot of times I have to do with technology future dreams revolutionizing things. So you're hearing a lot with Uranus and Taurus about the digits digitization of money and crypto has been a thing for a while, but it's coming back in.


There with Uranus you have to be careful with accidents and quick losses. So make sure you're paying attention, especially when it's in Taurus. You don't want to lose money real quick. You want that you want quick gains. If anything Neptune brings illusion spiritualism. It's really good for understanding when to be spiritual, but it's Neptune tends to default to Illusions and deception. So you have to be really careful with that intangible creativity music in the area of life that's impacting. You can use that for sure.


And creativity as well and then things can dissolve and vanish in those areas of life.


So wherever Neptune is is going you might lose something or you might see it as something different it can either be something that dissolves or which is usually what it is. So for me For instance Neptune going over my eighth house. Something's dissolving and transforming at the same time, which is an interesting set of energy to wrap your head around and then Pluto long-term upheaval and transformation everything from the past comes to the surface. So transiting your first house. You got to realize a lot of things from the past are gonna come up and you're gonna have to say I don't want that. I want to change from this. I want to you know, based on everything that's happened.


I want to be this instead and it requires that transformation finding healthy control in those areas of life in the first house. It's everything your control over everything.


And just be careful of power struggles. Also be careful of manipulation If It's Love related or aspecting Venus or in your seventh house be careful of cheating and things of that nature. So when the planets are transiting this is what they're doing impacting you.


All right. So that's that first house.


Is it strange? I'm looking forward to it personally. And on the Monday it's not strange. If you are fat off of Jupiter Taylor says Angela, it's not it's not strange. If you are looking for change, if you feel like your life has been stagnant or you feel like there's much more and you're looking to step into your personal power. I would be excited for Pluto. I love Pluto. I live on a Pluto.


I see y'all that's I live here because it's been highly transformational. I've been able to step into my personal power here and do the things more importantly Pluto. My I see is I can do all the things I want to do.


On a deep deep level is long as I have control and power over it. I can do whatever I want.


And that's the key and in this location Pluto ends up being opposite my midheaven so I can bring my mid Heaven my career my life purpose into the things I want to do on a very deep level in my childhood like my childhood stuff.


I can also take my childhood stuff and use it for my career which is why I've been talking about my abuse and my childhood and all the things growing up and using my experience because Jupiter sitting right there as well.


So understanding those is those transits and those orbs of influence and all that. You guys are going to get really good at putting this together and you're gonna see it really transform your life. But yeah, absolutely looking forward to change but realizing that that change is not always easy.


And Pluto is not always like feel good stuff. That's more Jupiter. It's it's it can be It can bring up a lot of like inner turmoil and psychological stuff that you'll have to deal with. But if you're ready for it, and you're like I'm I'm jumping into this you're gonna put in the work you're gonna do it and you're going to like cocoon into a butterfly and it's just gonna be amazing. So don't be scared of it at all.


How long does it take to Pluto to move a degree?


It changes per sign, but since it takes about 20 years to move.


In transits it this at least this was 15 to 20 years. So every year it would move two degrees.


Give or take a degree and a half to two degrees.


I can't wait. These classes are so fun. I'm glad that you guys are enjoying it because I can't see y'all.


I can't talk to y'all. It's just me staring at a screen and what I wanted.


was for these not to be boring because I I researched a lot of other people's classes, and I'm not trying to To degrade or diminish what they've done but I really had a hard time getting through some of them.


and I was I just really wanted to kind of put it out there so that people would would be able to grab it plus some of them were talking very they're being very technical.


On how they explain things and I thought that was really hard to follow. So I was trying to be as relatable as possible with these.


I can really tell you care about sharing this information making sure we understand that you put so much of yourself into his credibly inspiring my life truly changed for the better ever since meeting. You and Ashley and I can't begin to explain how grateful I am Taylor.


I am I am very like tough exterior, but I'm so freaking sensitive when it comes to stuff like that. I appreciate every compliment you guys and I'm like, I'm not fishing, but I I appreciate it.


Like I've always wanted to help people always and the biggest thing is I've I've tended to give it for free not seeing the value in what I know my knowledge. That's the other thing with my queen kunks is I never really saw the value in what I what I could have made a career out of or whatever and I used to give away information for free and every single time. It's always stabbed me in the foot either. I was overly compassionate like I remember I ended up hiring a few people and they ended up backstabbing me and no one else would hire these people and I ended up hiring then they and they they did those things. I remember when I was getting out of a niche market.


And I was moving on and I tried to like I was like, hey, I will help you guys make because I was making doing the niche market stuff. I was making 75 to 85,000 a month doing what other people were struggling to make, you know, between two and five thousand dollars a month and I was like, I'll teach you I don't care. You don't even have to pay me. I was just wanted to help and I I it always ended up backfiring and it was always a waste of my time and they wouldn't take the advice anyway, and I was just like you guys don't even value it and I've I'm came with receipts like here is my PayPal statement. Here's my bank account. I'm showing you that this is exactly how much I make and and whatnot and they were still like there was only one person out of all those people who was on board, but the rest of her team didn't want to put in the effort.


And I was like you guys wasted my time. I did meet George Perez though and he is the the one of the the artists who used to draw Wonder Woman, so that was cool. But anyway, yeah.


Do you ever have anyone call or text you and ask why they are feeling out of sorts and it's a moon Transit. Oh my mom all the time my mom all the time and it's funny because when I got into astrology, I don't think my mom ever shunned it or anything, but she is she's Catholic and she's I wouldn't say she's like devoured or anything, but she has her faith and I got into astrology and she never thought anything negative of it, but she never really kind of we never really discussed it much and then One day she just randomly messaged me and she was like what's going on with the Stars?


This is happening. This is happening. Tell me what's going on. And that was that was pretty awesome. And then I told her I was like, well, this is happening here. This is happening.


I said don't do this for a couple of days do this and everything was fine.


And now every once in a while, she'd be like, what's what's going on tell me what's going on and then I just I just tell her so that's that's pretty awesome.


And it's usually Moon Transit Ashley and I talk about it all the time. We're like baby won't sleep. Where's the moon? Actually that's in our household here. One of our main catchphrases is where's the moon? Where's the moon?


Where's the moon? Because when when you're feeling a certain way or things are happening or like because we're on social media when we see an influx of like negative comments. First thing I do is where's the moon? I see it. It's always accurate is always the moon and then as soon as I if I stop and I don't reply to those comments or I delete them or whatever.


And I just move on and I don't reply and I don't let it affect me the moon leaves and then all sudden no more negative comments. It's so crazy because 10 years ago. I would have told you that you were nuts. If you told me the moon impacted whether Joe Schmo said something rude to me. I would have been like you're crazy.


It was Joe schmo's decision to say something rude to me.


And it's just so crazy. It's no it's the moon. It's when it happens. It's the Moon that brought that that brought that to you is just it's just ridiculous or it's the moon on them sometimes but it's just insane.


You really are the best teacher. Oh, thank you. I've understood more with you than anyone. Thank you so much. I'm so happy and the patients you show giving your time knowledge unparalleled.


I appreciate you guys so much.


I checked the moon before I even get out of bed. Yeah, because the thing is and I try to tell people I'm like look with the moon transits you could wake up like it's an amazing day today. So awesome. It happened to me today today's amazing and then like not even an hour or two later.


Just just weird energy and I just like what that and I looked at the thing I say man, just the once it hit that orb of influence it got three degrees within my planet and then all the sudden it's like holy crap, man.


so yeah.


I check it all the time now.


Hopefully we have revalidated.


That you are valued and we need your teachings you have you have and I've I've been my book has been requested a lot. I really need to get I know I'm doing a series of books. And now that I'm doing the Logan Theory as well, you know, I have that as like self-help and entrepreneur and trying to get people to really value their own self-worth in a different way in the fact that like like there's some people's like you want to do your nine to five cool. Go do your nine to five you you need that stability my buddies like that. My best friend is like that he has to know when his vacation days how many has what is paycheck's gonna be he has to know when he's getting up when he's going to work. That's fine.


But there are some of us who can't live that life and we forced ourselves to work that corporate grind when we could be earning for ourselves. And for those people I'm like, look I can show it to you. I can show you not only you know in the real world, but I can use astrology. I have so many tools to be able to help other people make money because I want to see more people just be like living this amazing life and just go on the beach when they want and they're just like even if they're not millionaires just living a comfortable life where they're not getting up. It's like you're trading freedom.


For you know for that it's crazy.


Your book. Yes, I need I am working on the book. I just I think I'm gonna dictate it and then translate it or transcode trans something.


Transcribe it. That's the word every Angie every week. I almost talk myself out of coming because I feel so insufficient, but I'm always glad I came you're so authentic and direct your indirect and your knowledge is just amazing, and you didn't break my free.


It's Angie. It's one of those things that like you have to you guys have to really realize and remember that I am teaching you.


Like six to seven years of what I have sifted through and put together in a matter of a few hours and you got that's a lot. It's a lot you're learning years worth of stuff.


In a very short amount of time and I try to give you a lot of stuff like I want it to be valuable. I could have just been like, you know one or two things and moved on but now I want it to be worth it for you.


And so you're learning a lot which is great that you have access to the class afterwards because you can go back and kind of like teach yourself slowly and I just want you guys have the right information because going through The the wrong information in the wrong systems in the wrong definitions and the wrong meanings of aspects and whatever it's really difficult because you're all you want is to know. How does it work?


How can astrology actually work and if I'm doing it and it's Hit or Miss half time? It's okay half the time it's not it makes it really difficult.


So I try to make it so it's like okay, you have a hundred percent and then it's gonna come down to your ability to just kind of use your intuition which is why Ashley's psychic development class is so important using your intuition to trust yourself.


And that's what Ashley did for me when I got into astrology when she activated my third eye was when it was a game changer for reading charts because all of this stuff here is very mathematical scientific. Whatever.


but knowing which which version of Taurus were talking about her which version of you know, Chiron we're talking about or I mean kyron's pretty pretty simple or the moon or knowing which aspect to look at first when someone's asking a question, that's all intuition.


I can pick anything. There's a lot going on in this chart but using your intuition to do it. That's why her class I recommend so much.


It's an awesome balance to have your classes alternating. Yeah, and she's she's about to do and we're doing not all of our classes are live. I know that she's gonna be doing the minor Arcana next Sunday.


and it's more of an overview and like understanding how it works. But she's also going to do a cup swans swords and Pentacles class separate because she's gonna dive so deep and she actually explained a card what card was seven of Swords. She explained the seven of Swords to me yesterday actually in such an amazing way in a unique perspective that I had never because I learned tarot from Ashley. I watched other Terror readers, but I actually learned from Ashley and I read my own way. I don't read the way that Ashley reads. I read like in a sentence because that's the way that my mind works. She does a very different thing.


And when you know learning from her.


learning from her like I said brought me my intuition. So my intuition is what I use and I don't have speaking of moon and fears. I don't have any fears when I'm reading people's charts anymore because of my intuition when I first started reading astrology. I had a lot of fear this Moon card means makes a lot of sense here. I had a lot of fear because I was afraid I there's so much information. What do I say?


But now I don't have to worry about it. I just go.


I just say what I need to say and then it all just works out. I'm telling you like every reading just works out because I don't have to worry about stressing myself. I don't have to worry about any of that. I use my intuition and it's one thing that you don't hear from a lot of astrologers is the integration of using your intuition when you're doing chart readings, but it's very important.


I definitely go back over the class several times and that's that's the whole point. It's a lot of information. It would be I'd be very surprised if you guys remembered all this info like just from showing up and being online here. So it's damn. I answered 105 questions.


That's crazy. So I appreciate all you thank you guys so much for taking this class. I'm hoping that this illuminated aspects because The information I felt was a little bit difficult to find and I hope this brings clarity as we start getting into the classes where we pull it all together. It's gonna make a lot more sense and then we'll start using examples and we'll start you know doing that and then eventually getting to the manifestation which is really what all this is about getting you to the point where you understand the astrology and then you can say Okay, I want this now. Okay. So what do we want? We want this how do we make that happen? Can we make it happen and then obviously separately we'll have Astro cartography relocation classes. I'm gonna dive deeper into certain components. Like like I said the nodes and everything in the moon. I might even do the luminaries. I'll probably dive deeper into the angles because there's still more to talk about there and then that transits class so there's just so much going on.


You flipping killed it Logan. Have a great night. See you next class and probably live soon. Yeah be live soon.


Probably not tonight, or I know not tonight but soon actually thank you so much Logan you're so appreciate enjoying your night bacon. Yes night bacon great for saturated fats, which are good for you Ashley teaches that holistic healing and obviously you'd have to be okay with bacon.


You know morality, but anyway, Danny, thank you. See you next time excited. Have a good night, everyone. Yes. Thank you. Danny and Brenna. Thank you so much seeing this class another incredible class. Thank you guys so much. I appreciate that. Alright guys. Thank you again and take care. I'll see you on the next one.