Welcome back… You may feel a bit lost to make sure you've taken those classes first. This is the tying it together class or tying it all together. However, I finally worded I guess I type tying it together. So that's what it is. This is taking all the things we've talked about in this manifestation astrology class course rather from Step Zero really to a hundred.


And I can't even speak zero to 105 classes. That was the whole goal of this thing for people who were beginners or didn't know much about or anything about astrology to be able to get to manifestation and using astrology for their purposes without having to dive into all the details.


That are what I would consider extraneous. So we've done one two, and three here's four. This is exciting because this is the first class that has no class materials. It is literally me. I have a sticky on the screen. It says tying it together. It's not as put together or polished looking as the other ones but it's because this is the first class where you don't need all that extra stuff. We're gonna look at three charts today. I've chosen three random times. Birth dates birthplace is what not and we're gonna analyze them we're gonna go through and we're going to figure out you know, what we can decode from these people based off of or imaginary People based off of everything that we have learned before and see if we can put together a fictitious person. Who are they what are their parents like what type of relationships if they have siblings what they have with them?


What's their Public Image and things like that the fifth class which is the next one is the manifestation class. So hopefully you'll watch this one as many times you need you'll learn what you need from this class to take it forward and be able to actually manifest that's going to be a fun class too because we'll be taking energies and talking about the polarities of those energies and how you can make things work for yourself including a little bit with transits.


So with this class here.


What I want to start out with is again. I have no physical, you know anything to look at in terms of materials, but I want you to think abstractly for a moment. What's most important about my system and what I'm teaching you here and why I differ from almost every other astrology out there is in my system. I devise something that I call lenses and lenses are a filter that you put over mentally over the entire chart.


That help you read a chart in a very specific Manner and avoiding all of the extraneous nonsense and the noise that has nothing to do with what answer you're trying to achieve out of the chart. What do I mean by that? Well, when we look at somebody's chart and I'm just going to pull up the first one here. Boom.


There it is.


The first chart here.


Is this is my Rebel Academy sample one that we're seeing here and this person's chart.


I put in that they're born December 2nd of 1981. I was close to my birthday at 1:30 in the morning and I chose a city in Mississippi. So this person here is a Libra rising and then the planets fell where they were now every energy that you see here and I'm not talking about progressions or transits or relocations or anything like that solar Arc solar returns Saturn return.


I'm not talking about anything but they're natal energy. This is the natal energy for this person.


When you when you look at a chart like this if you have not honed in.


What it is you're looking for you are not going to find any answers and this is what I think can be very difficult when learning astrology is you will pull up your natal chart. Let's assume this was yours and you'll start piecing it together fragmented, you know by doing Google searches and trying to figure out what each one of these, you know positions means and You do have to fragment it at first, right? There's no way to kind of pull it all together. That's what this class is teaching you but you're you know, you're Googling or you're learning. You're like, okay the midheaven means this cancer means this the tenth house means this, okay.


Pluto means this Pluto in the first house Pluto in Libra means this. Okay Saturn's there as well. Now in the previous classes, we talked about a couple of more advanced things intermediate to Advanced things like stelliums and satellitiums. I'm going to refresh for anybody who doesn't remember a stellium is a grouping of planets that are within the same house and sign that are within an orb of influence of each other. Now, I take stelliums outside of the plate the sign and house because I believe that those energy still work together and they still matter you just have to then dive deeper into the science and houses that you're talking about when you start getting into the details of it.


But the actual definition the same sign in house.


A satellitium is a bunch of planets that are in the same sign in house, but they are not within each other's orb of influence meaning they're not close enough to actually influence each other. It is important to understand that a stellium creates its own set of energies and a satellitium Works within the same house and sign and affects the same theme as opposed to affecting each other.


So that's the difference between those.


I also want to talk about the fact that.


When you're looking at any.


Any chart your own and you're trying to put all this together that all the aspects all of the the rulership's and the reverse or the bi-directionality of rulerships, right? We talked about that when the previous classes. So if I look at this person's Mars placement, it's in the 12th house in Virgo. We know that the ruler of Virgo is mercury I need to know where Mercury is and how it's aspected in a situated to know how that 12th house actually plays and thus how Mars plays out.


Because we're talking about Mars. I also need to know about Aries because Mars rules Aries. So I go the opposite direction go find the Aries glyph and I look here to see if there's anything going on. Now. This is pretty simple because this person has nothing in the seventh house.


and again I can't remember if I talked about this in the first three so I'll say it here. I say don't tiktok in YouTube videos all the time, but empty houses are not really empty houses.


Empty houses. Just mean that your energy is not focused in that area of life. It does not mean that nothing happens in that area of life. In fact, this imaginary person could have an extremely active romantic life if it's ruler is also aspecting other things because the rulership is far more important than the placements there in my opinion.


So now that we have all of that we're looking at these energies and you're probably of one of two mindsets. The first mindset is there's not a lot going on in this chart once I know what Chiron means that's all I need to know once I know what Jupiter means that's why I need to know if you're of that mindset. Maybe you need to revisit classes one two, and three again because it's so much more complex and involved than just the simple placement here.


Even once you include orbs of influence knowing that Jupiter reaches Pluto Pluto doesn't reach Jupiter that kind of thing that's more of an advanced technique but these two are impacting there's a togetherness of that energy here across the cuspline that's important or you're of the other mentality of saying this is a lot of information. How do we possibly decipher this into any sort of question because there's just always something going on.


In every area of the chart. How do we pull it all together and look at it the same right?


And I've seen both people or both situations play out amongst people where it's either. There's not enough information here. I actually see that a lot more than I thought I would there's not a lot here to tell so usually it's because they don't dive deep enough, right and in the previous classes we talked about that or like I said, it's like there's too many planets. There's too much math.


How do I know especially when we start getting into the aspects down here?


How do I know that all of these you know, how all these are going to impact each other, right?


So again, this is called lenses lenses are choosing the topic. Now the easiest thing to do the hardest thing to do. Let me say that first the hardest thing to do is to do what's called a natal chart report reading, right? This is everybody asks for this because they want to know everything about themselves, but I've been doing astrology for like six or seven years now obsessively and I'm still finding new things in my chart because it's impossible to go through every single aspect in every area of life in every situation that could occur based off of Just One Reading especially when these people expect it in 45 minutes. It's just not gonna happen. I can spend 45 minutes on your first house and still not get done.


You have to take a look at all of this plus if I'm actually doing a report reading for you and your let's say you're 33 years old.


You know, I've got a I got to look at progressions. Have you moved I got to look at your relocations, like it gets very very in-depth. We are complex individuals. So it makes sense.


So I don't do those like hardly ever and when I do I charge a lot more and I would advise the same for everybody else because you are diving so deep into so many areas and you're still not giving enough information that people are going to be satisfied. There's always going to be questions at the end. Now the easiest way to do it, which is the way I prefer is you ask me a question and I'll answer it. So when you're doing your astrology readings, even if you're doing them for yourself, ask the question, what is the question that we're talking about? Is it love is it money career finances life purpose friends home family intimacy travel. What is the question you can there's a million questions. You can ask some of them require transits, which we're not going to talk about today. Some of them don't some of them just have to do with your personality. Why am I always having problems in love? Why I can't I find my career. What type of career best suits me. How do I make money? Why do I feel so down all the time? Those are easy questions to answer?


If you don't know how to read this chart, it's clearly not easy. But once you do which is the whole point of this class and when I'm hoping you guys gather out of by the end of this class, it will become much easier so lenses, right? So we're gonna pick a topic for this person the first person. Well, you know, I'll just I'll just pick one for you because the main ones are loving career, right? So we'll just do love and career for both of these home life or we'll pick something random if somebody has a question, so For this random person here. We'll talk about career first, right? Because it's it's one of the main things now on top of career. We have to understand that topics are always actually know we start with love.


Because I wrote Love on my little note over there love and then we'll do career every topic that you do every single one is broken into sub parts. Everything in the world is broken down into further things that are broken down in a further things. Your body is broken down into cells your cells are broken down and atoms your atoms, you know, he keeps going down and down and down until you can't break it down anymore. So once we get down to deckons and dwads You know, there's not much further we can go than we got dive into rulerships and we add in all the other pieces. So what do I mean by that?


with this with love most people most astrologers most tiktok videos Google searches anything that you find will always say that love is based off of the seventh house and then they leave it at that and you're like Well, what if I have an empty seventh house and even if I tell you you have rulership's you're like, okay. Well, I've got a ruler and that's not aspecting anything.


Okay. So now you you are left with a a client a quarant or yourself. If you're asked if you're trying to figure this out in your own chart that feels lost and roadblocked and just you know that you hit a wall. It's like there are no answers and it's just not true.


There are so many answers that are in here. So.


Love relationships, you know from the previous classes that the seventh house does represent your relationships.


It represents your one to one interactions. It represents your first marriage. However, love is a very abstract term. What does Love Actually mean well love is an emotion. It is something you feel for something or someone right?


It can be difficult to describe. But if you break it down astrologically every single one of these placements every single one of these houses has to do with love.


So when I hear people constantly say the seventh house is love and they leave it at that. It really bugs me because it's not just that you've got 11 other houses that have to do with Love on different levels, right?


So you have your seventh house again, this is your romantic partner and your one-to-one interactions. But what about romance romance is a Leo trait romance falls under the fifth house here and I'm just going to do the houses first because then you look at the science and you look at the planets to Triple up on all of these. So you start looking at the fifth house. How does this hand person handle romance romance is puppy love.


It's the first stage. It's taking the risk. It's you know, all the the good stuff the fun stuff the pride the feeling good part of love. It is the intro to love. It's baby love baby. Love is fifth house.


intimacy intimacy is a complete different level. You don't get intimate with random romantic Partners you get intimate with people that you trust intimacy comes after the engagement with people.


Intimacy is the Eighth House Eighth House has to do a secrets and deep bonds. But in love right we're taking everything out except the lens of love in the lens of Love The Eighth House deep bonds translates to intimacy.


The ninth house has to do with expansion and Journeys and travel. So this is where your playful with your partner.


It's the what ifs it's the Fantastical scenarios that you have with your partner. And if you were to partner when you partner with somebody, how do you want to travel? How do you explore within your love language?


That's here. How do you speak in terms of Love third house? How do you feel safe forth house?


How do you like to be in public with your partner tenth house?


How are you outside of your your partnership?


How do you need to interact? What do you need to salvage within your relationship? It opposes the seventh house. This is you this is your solo Endeavors. This is what's important for you to maintain your individuality within love hopes and dreams anything that goes on beyond Behind the Scenes music spirituality within the context of love your values in love.


Right and it continues on six House of B your own health. But also how you serve your partner would be here. I think I hit all the houses. So when you're looking at it in the context of love all the themes of the houses stay exactly the same, but you have to dwindle them down into And chisel out carve out.


Your topic and if it's love it's that's what it is when we get to Career. It's something completely different. So for this person Rebel Academy sample one this person here in love. We take a look at the seventh house. We always start with the seventh house to put it all together. We always have to have a starting point and ironically enough. I think I pretty much consistently start.


With the thing that is the pop culture reference, right?


So everybody says love is the seventh house and I actually do start at the seventh house. So look at the seventh house. This is the first marriage if they say they've been married and divorce and are looking for a second partner. I take a look at the seventh house and then I go straight to the ninth house because the seventh house is the relationships. That is the undertone but the ninth house is really how I'm going to find the traits qualities and relationship that they're going to have with the next person. What does that person need to embody?


And that fits the second marriage and they're going to the third one. Here's the third one same thing and each marriage is going to be different except that there's going to be the undertone of always the seventh house in terms of how they interact with people because that's that's their basis.


It is the opposite of their solo act it is how they interact outwardly.


so for this person their relationships is empty right empty house, but we know empty house doesn't really mean empty house. But here it means that there's not a lot of focus put onto their relationships in terms of love. I don't care about starting their own business, which is also the seventh house.


I don't care about interacting with the the public that it's also the seventh house. I don't care about their legal matters. That's also the seventh house. All I care about is love and in terms of the seventh house and love and the lens it is the one-to-one relationship romantically, right? No business partners. Nothing else just romance or not Romance the love connection the love interaction Romance the fifth house.


in the seventh house their first marriage and just a male or female. I'm pretty sure it's a female.


that I put in there not that it matters doesn't really change much but Empty house. I gotta go to the rulership Aries Mars Mars in Twelfth house.


This means that this person's relationships are probably because energy does resonate at its lowest vibration. This is why I can get so accurate with most people most of the time.


Is because energy will play out the way that it normally plays out at its lowest frequency setting.


99% of the time unless somebody is changing something but most people don't know anything about astrology and that's what makes predictions a bit easier these days until I teach you all how to do this and you're actually manifesting with it. Then it's not as easy. I know it'll stay within the scope because you can only use the energy that you have to use but then you'll be changing things. So I hope to get to that point. I hope it gets harder to read people.


But anyway, that's that's what happened. So.


basically relationships are always put on the back burner. This person would be hypercritical of their partner.


And their service to their partner because we're talking about Virgo's energy would be kind of non-existent. They would not want to serve their partner. Now. That's the lowest vibration.


The highest vibration is if they had a good relationship with them is that we still look at the same energy.


And we go over here and they would have a spiritual connection.


With this person, that would be very healthy and then we zoom in and we look at the deck in here and that is in the Taurus deck in so there would be value within the service spiritually speaking with this person.


I hope that makes sense the toughest part about teaching this course is I don't have anybody to be like nodding back to me. So I'm just gonna keep going here.


So we know the energy we know the house and we know the placement so that is their relationship that is their first relationship and to dive deeper because we talked about layering.


I know that the seventh house the first marriage, I know that it's energy is in the 12th house. That's basically all you have to look at at the beginning the energy of the relationship.


Is an Aries so there could be themes of competition. There could be themes of arguing there could be passion or a lot of passion this person may jump into relationships quickly.


And potentially dissolve them just as quickly.


they could be attracted to people of Aries qualities, which could be You know celebrities people who work in law enforcement or military or you know firefighters of that kind of nature athletes.


Anyone who has more of a dominant masculine Aries Martian type of vibe would be this person.


Now that energy is all put here there also needs to be a shyness a reservation to these people.


Right because we're taking all that seventh energy and we're throwing it into the 12th house. That's where the ruler is.


So we're looking at at Mars here and that's in the 12th house in Virgo.


This is where the critical being critical of their partner and being service spiritually behind the scenes service. So if they are.


You know if they are of service to their partner like to do things for the partner spend time with their partner, no one really knows that it sits in the 12th house.


It's not something they put out publicly. It's a very private thing.


Very behind the scenes here, especially with value and worth.


This energy if we want to understand the 12th house a bit more. We need to know the ruler of Virgo. That is Mercury Mercury is sitting Quick Glance just tells me that it's sitting in the third house.


so we're actually diving deeper into here and we're saying okay this person's relationship with other people behind the scenes start/stops and hypercritical doesn't really tell anybody about it, especially since the communication here is in Sagittarius now the issue is If they try not to tell people.


Because it's ruler is in the third house.


And all these other energies I'm gonna break it down for you. But basically this much energy here in the third house in Sagittarius tells me that it doesn't matter how private they try to keep this relationship.


It will never be private. It will be talked about it will be communicated worldwide through cultures published even.


At the sun is all about Leo. So entertainment publishing mercury has to do with this communication. So that's radio. That's even here is Media music news?


And then we have Uranus here. So that's even through friends.


So this type of energy here is like friends are trying to keep a secret but they're not really they're like talking a bit too much and it's supposed to be secret, but it's you know, it's not So this person has a really hard time keeping their relationships Secret.


And that's really all they wanted to do because that's the energy here as they try to keep everything behind the scenes, but it doesn't work that way.


So in order to analyze that even further like I said when you have stelliums and/or satellitiums here, you got all this energy. Now a couple of these we don't have to worry about right now. I'm going to ignore Juno for this class. I'm going to ignore Lilith. I'm just going to pay attention to the main planets, which are these four?


We have zero five 10 and 24. So it's technically satellitium with a conjunction in the middle from the Sun back to Mercury. So if I want to understand the relationships and how it's getting out, I look here at Neptune brain fart Neptune Neptune is the ruler of what the sixth house of Pisces here.


So when I look here it has to do with work work and health and daily routine is being talked about.


The sun whereas Leo Leo is up here hopes dreams networking friends internet technology. These are all the themes of the 11th house in an Entertainment form creative expression or children. That's all going to be talked about as well.


And it doesn't matter how much within the relationships the one-on-one interactions and the romance this will always be spoken of Mercury we already know is the rule here, but it's a double ruler. So it's also the ninth house. So whenever this person travels even short distances because it's Gemini energy when this person travels when this person has a thought or philosophy or publishes anything it is talked about a lot as well. And then Uranus here is the fifth house again children and more specifically because the Moon is there.


Her as a mother with her children.


Now I'm breaking it down as slow as possible.


I'm doing my best by the way, I think very fast.


I've shown you guys my chart in previous classes.


My Mercury is square or Square. My Mercury is trying my Mars. My Mercury is opposite Uranus.


So my brain moves very fast. So what ends up happening for me is I end up seeing these relationships before my brain processes it or my brains process it before I can put it into a thought. I don't really know how to explain it, but it's very quick. I want to make sure that you guys can do this as well now.


Lilith here for this person. If we ever get into deeper dive you would want to know how Mars Square Lilith actually plays out.


We're not going to talk about that right now.


We are going to talk about the fact that now we know that there's a lot of communication that ends up happening on a global level especially about culture especially about anything of a theatrical nature and Things Are.


I guess blown out of proportions the right way not everything is truthful. It's not just the rule of the sixth house that also just has Neptune.


Traits so not everything is truthful. It's a bit of a story especially with these two linked together things are you know, Jupiter Sagittarius is ruled by Jupiter Jupiter is expansive.


That goes out.


And creates, you know expansion creates more more than there should be right. So a little thing becomes a big thing, right? So if it was a little secret they got out it explodes it becomes this huge thing because there's Neptune there. It's not even what really happened in the first place with this person. It's entertaining it has to do with their personality them as a person and friends are usually involved or things that happen very randomly and those things would affect this person's value their self-worth on a very deep level.


And also would cause them to react.


From a very deep level as well trying to bottle everything up and keep it secret although it will eventually explode and they could snap.


At some point because Jupiter the ruler of the third house is here. Right? So I'm hoping you followed along up to this point all we've talked about through all of this here is how their relationship is on the fundamental terms of their one-to-one pairing of a relationship.


right So when I'm pulling this together this everything I just said has only to do with the relationship as a whole.


There for and every relationship and their first marriage relationship as a whole becomes a huge huge thing. And when I say relationship first marriage is anything that is long-term engagements.


I've noticed engagements tend to fall under legal contracts.


as well I know that in my own chart my first my seventh house is actually a girl. I never married, but we did get engaged because my second is clearly my first marriage and my third is clearly my second marriage. So it's interesting to see that engagements actually have shown up as one of these houses. So it could be like married engaged engaged married and this could actually be the second marriage because there were two engagements in there as well those count as legal contracts as well. I'm assuming because What rules that is the bond?


Other than that, I don't know that I can fully explain it at this point. I'll have to look into it further to see if I can come up with a more rational explanation here. But this is how the relationship plays out.


Every relationship they have will play out the same way in order for it to play out a different way. If they really want to keep things secret. They would have to work either in Reverse. We didn't even keep going like you can like I said, you can do layering and linking here. You can take Sagittarius ruler here. It's at one degree. We know with or orbs of influence.


That Jupiter has a seven to eight degree orb of influence, which means it's pushing over hitting Pluto and it's creating.


It's actually creating either.


and or issues within their personal life them as a human.


Issues within their career because Saturn which rules careers reaching in or within their relationships as a whole because they are Libra rule. They are venous ruled, right and Venus here for them is in their fourth house. That's a whole different thing. We're just talking about love. This is their personal life and this all affects their home life their mother it all comes back to their mother their relationship with their mother and how they need to separate from the their identity within their structure caring their traditional home values and things like that because It's all being disrupted by all of this now. I'm not done you got to keep going.


We just looked at layering. We looked at rulerships. All right, we've got all this information here and we've gotten pretty specific.


But some of what we said we can add information some of what we said may end up changing information.


We have to look at the aspects.


And this is where it gets complicated and you're going to devise your own method.


I'm going to teach you what I do, but you're gonna divide your own method of what order you do this in that's going to make it work for you in your mind because that's what it all comes down to being an astrologer. I know that every single person thinks differently. I'm a Mercury and Gemini you might also be a Mercury and Gemini while there are similarities between me and you it will not be the same across the board. You will think differently in some ways than I will.


If you have your Mercury aspecting Neptune, you may think a bit more abstractly and kind of be more logically photo-oriented where you're kind of putting a puzzle together in your head Mercury retrograde kind of has a very similar Vibe as well. If you have it aspecting Jupiter, you may overthink to the point where you accidentally come across the right answer because it's like luck is involved here because you're you're literally thinking in so many tangents that one of them ends up bringing you the answer.


so Understand that when you're processing this altogether that it is going to be different for you than it is for me.


But let's go back to the ruler remember it's an empty house. So this one's easy. The ruler of Aries is Mars Mars and Virgo. We know there's critical we know there's service but it's all behind the scenes. There should be a spiritual connection if we want it in a positive way, but usually that doesn't end up happening. It usually ends up with abandonment, which is also a 12th house abandonment or just leaving or lies deception things of that nature because that's all twelfth house as well.


And we know that the ruler is over here. So lies romance on on and off again within the the relationship itself a lot of times and then you know, like I said lies deception abandonment and things of that nature just on off and no one knows why this person doesn't even really know why to be honest.


So we kind of pull all that together now. Let's go back to Mars roller of Aries ruler of relationships this person's relationships Mars is at 23 degrees.


Now you can do this in one of two ways.


I've gotten so used to using this graph like this. I only use the bottom part to this part right here to kind of double check and verify However, when you're using astrological software as you've seen in my previous classes not every planet has the same orb of influence. So when you're looking at all of these glyphs down here Sextiles conjunctions semi-squares quintiles trying, you know in conjunctions all of these you have to look now in conjunctions seem to be pretty consistent. So to semi-sex styles.


But some of these I've noticed especially squares that they use a 10 degree orb of influence now, you can change it but each planet is different.


And knowing that each plan is different. You have to realize that some of these in my own chart. I've noticed it, especially when it comes to the Moon. The Moon does not have a very large orb of influence neither does Pluto so when you're using these two planets specifically and they're going outside of a Three Degree orb of influence and they're saying that you know, let's say it is Pluto. This person doesn't have it. But let's say it's the moon in Pluto and they're using a 10 degree orb of influence, right?


So when you zoom in on on this you'll see like this one right here is a square and has a 7 that's a seven degree orb and it is applying versus separating separating again is that the faster planet has already passed the slower planet and is moving away. So the energy is loosening applying means that the faster planet is approaching the slower planet and that energy that angle is applying into a conjunction.


Or you know if it's a square it's applying into it. Right? It's applying it to the square. It's applying into the opposition.


That energy is a bit stronger because that faster moving planet is moving with time pushing forward into the slower moving planet.


When you see the moon and Pluto having any sort of aspect here and you see a seven, it's not it is not right. They both have about two to three orb of him degree orb of influence so seven it's way out. So if you ever see one here and it's up above three degrees ignore it because it doesn't apply it's not real.


This can be very confusing when you're reading charts because you may think that there's like a moon Square Pluto and then you're talking this person like oh your moon squares Pluto and then you look into what moon Square Pluto Moon Square Pluto has to have a tighter orb. Anyway, this can create issues with the mother. It can create a deep bond with the mother that that is that it can create like a hover parent type of situation. It can create very volatile bottled down emotions that you feel very deeply that kind of come out under certain triggered events and circumstances, but The positive or negative if it's above three degrees, it's not there anyway, so you have to look into that. So anyway with that being said these would be the aspects and you can always just say you know, what I want to look at Mars Mars is in Virgo and I did this at the beginning just to double check but you can just go down here.


And you can say Okay Mars Mars is here.


That's a two queen quintile. That's a zero.


Square that's a one that's all good. This is a three that might be a little loose for a semi-sex tile but we'll keep going down Mars with the midheaven being square at 10 degrees. No.


No squares have a less lesser orb of influence. Anyway Mars is only for give or take four degrees the mid Heavens a point. So it has no warb of influence. So 10 is ridiculous. So 10 is not accurate. This person does not have a Mars Square midheaven.


This is nonsense.


Same thing here Mars conjunct the ascendant.


So here it is the Senate and midheaven right nine degrees.


No because Mars doesn't have that much of an orb of influence. These are not true.


This would make this person hyper aggressive potentially hyper aggressive hypercritical from like behind the scenes.


And then that would translate back down to home life and communication and siblings and whatnot. This would be more aggressive potentially aggressive on the lower end of it. But anyway, when we're looking back at Mars the way that I do it because I'm more numbers oriented. Like I said, you can just come down here and kind of look to see what we're talking about here.


But I need to know all these different aspects every single one of these aspects means something the ones that are legitimate they all mean something.


It makes this Mars in whatever context whatever lens you're talking about play out differently than just Mars Mars energy is just the basis everything else gets layered on top. So now we're coming down here. We're looking at here. We see a 23 And then I see a 19 now, I would consider this one to be a Trine it is within the orb of influence. What's interesting is it's not showing one, but that's I think because I took off all the aspects to other planets and whatnot.


When you go to chart selection.


In Astro, yes, you can see over here. It won't scroll very far, but you can see over here that says aspects and then to all objects. I do not have clicked and that's why you are not seeing.


That but this is a Trine so Chiron is forming a shrine here. This person is actually benefiting a deep down psychology using relationships to heal themselves.


Now trying to not always positive squares are not always negative. This can also mean that anything that is deep down in unresolved will immediately affect this person's relationships.


So we'll talk about that in a different class how Chiron when I talk more about Chiron affects this.


Also at 23 degrees we have 25.


Now Venus to Chiron does not make a try and it's outside the orb of influence but Mars to Venus does so this is not a grand Shrine for anybody who is interested or knows about aspect patterns aspect patterns. I guess we'll be another class now that I'm thinking about it because it creates it creates a lot of energy that works either harmoniously or within competition of itself to create these if this was a grant trying to make a big old triangle right here, but it's not because it's all outside the orb of influence but 23 degrees to 25 degrees means that the home life the structure of home the father.


and the father's influence on this person's values is all impacted within so this person basically is could potentially be looking for a partner that embodies the values of their father assuming that Venus is not ill aspected which it is.


And this is where it gets complicated and this is why I'm showing you this class right? So this person if Venus was not impacting anything else.


this person would be looking for someone who embodies the values of their father that they grew up with the things that they know from their childhood, but Because Venus is semi-sexile Neptune.


You see 24 degrees. You see 25 degrees one degree give or take. This is a semi-sexstyle this so there is an agitation here that has to do with Neptune in the third house and Sagittarius.


This could this could mean a lot of things actually, so I'm going to come back to this in a minute Lilith would be impacted as well not doing well with right now, but there's a square also.


To Pluto from Venus and there is a semi sextile from Mars to Pluto.


Is a lot of information this is a lot and this is why you have to break it down. And the more you do this the more it'll start clicking in head in your head because you won't have to stop every five seconds to remind yourself of what each one of these planets means even though I do hundreds of chart readings every month.


I still have to stop for some of these especially semi sex tiles because they are more difficult to work with because it's a slight agitation, but it's such a slight agitation that it creates a compartmentalization.


and when you have so many planets impacting each other you have to do this, like string theory feels like like this one links to this then this happens to this and then you're doing the readings you're like I got to pull all this third house energy into this 12th house energy into the in the first house energy with the fifth house, right or I'm sorry with the fourth because we're talking about Venus.


So break it down. This is the most important thing of what I'm saying.


You have to break it down or this will become extremely overwhelming and that's what we don't want for anybody.


You don't have to go as far layered down as I'm going but the further you go the more details you're going to get because energy.


That is linked to energy that is ruled by other energy that conflicts with other energy. All it's doing is whittling away the possibilities so now I it's not just Mmm.


Where we started excuse me allergy has been crazy the last couple of days. It's not just where we started with Aries being the ruler Mars being in the 12th house and leaving at that. See that's what most people do.


That's what most astrologers do and this is the difference between you and everybody else because you're not going to stop here. You're not just gonna say okay. Your relationships are on the back burner, you're critical of your relationships. You could have a spiritual relationship if you wanted but it's sitting there and maybe your relationships kind of you know, you jump in you end and then you forget about them and leave it at that because that's not the full truth. There's more to it. The whole point of it being talked about and broadcast is a pretty important thing. How do they deal with this? Well, they deal with it by the energy. That's more the next class.


You deal with the energies within what's connected to here. But so we're diving deeper and we're seeing this trying that means relationships are harmonious with values, but those values are not standardized within this field right? So we break it down. We say Mars ruler or I'm sorry Ares ruler from the seventh house is Mars Mars and Virgos and the 12th house. We've analyzed that we have what we have if you need to write it down like jot notes jot it.


and then you know, I mean when you're doing a reading like if you can't rememberize everything you've just connected write it down as you're going.


Especially in the beginning because it may help you. Remember how you connected things. This Mars is trying Venus. What does that mean?


Well, we already talked about that means that the relationships which are sitting behind that she's critical of I'm assuming there's a female that there are there's value to the relationship and there's definitely a sensual appeal within her relationships that have to do with maybe they even like to go out to eat together, but they like to either have it ordered in or potentially cook at home. And that maybe that's what she does is she likes to cook and she does that, you know behind the scenes.


But that here is trying Venus. Well that goes along with cooking because Venus rules food and it's in the fourth house of home. So this is a very good.


Start to the assessment but what ends up happening is so we're saying that it's all trying here. Awesome. Ooh, there's a semi-sex tile to Neptune in the third house.


Sagittarius so this person in terms of like cooking food and whatnot. It can't be something that's probably person probably doesn't like seafood because we're talking about International water and there's an agitation here, especially anything that's local which is the third house. We got all this other energy here. I'm not gonna decipher all of this right now.


I'm just gonna leave it at that. I want to get to the next thing stallions. The class isn't long enough to dive into a stallion or satellitium right now.


But there's a square to Pluto Pluto is changes its Evolution and oftentimes.


If you link it like it would be in the in the tarot. It is a death card. It's a it's a stop. It's a ending. It's a it's a new cycle. So with this person.


Especially since Venus is conjunct and here they actually want their partner partner to do the responsibility to cook for them to change the role.


So this person expects their partner to cook for them at home. That's how you would read that in terms of food in terms of value and Father's values, which we were kind of talking about before that's the lens we're switching in. So now we're now we're in a lens within a lens.


Don't get overwhelmed pause go back if you need to.


Take a look at everything that got us to this point. I promise you it gets easier over and over because it just becomes second nature as you're going. It's kind of like when you're in Spanish class, if you if you learn the words and then kind of put together a phrase and then oh God, where do they call conjunctions?


No, not good Junction where they called I can't remember the word but it's the tenses past present future.


I don't know. I can't remember the word right now. But yeah, I struggled with that and then you have to learn the slang and then you have to put it all together and then you've got to be able to have the conversation right? It's step by step when in school when they try to teach you all that and get you to talking. It's overwhelming and this is why most people don't learn language. They learn what they needed to and they just walk away from him because like that's too much.


So when you get to astrology and you're trying to learn it is not too much. Once you've gotten to it take it baby steps at a time. We are layering in layering is more complicated. This is why I say do what you need to do to be able to get here, but let me keep going. So now we're a lens within a lens we're talking about the lens of her values within her father within the lens of a relationship.


So that here squares Pluto Pluto has to do with things that are deep down Evolution intimacy. So there's a square this is actually striving for but pushing away.


An intimacy with a partner that she never had with her father.


is how you kind of read this and she's looking for something traditional and long-term, but also something that she can create her own Traditions within her relationship with her partner.


Something that is more future oriented. Something's a little bit more less traditional more just forward paste here.


And it has to do with the communications. It has to do with the potentially with siblings as well with her family.


So there may have been issues between her and a sibling her and several siblings. Usually it's the first sibling or it could be cousins as well that creates that agitation.


So that's what she's looking for within a relationship. Boom. We stop there. We don't need to dive we don't need to keep going. This is the thing with astrology. It's a rabbit hole.


It is a vortex and if you don't pick a point to stop you will keep going. This is why I've been studying my own chart for so freaking long and it can be really amazing. Like I'm not Downing astrology in any way, but if you don't pick us stopping point This will consume you and you'll never get the reading done.


And I'm telling you this because I used to have this problem because I keep looking for information diving deep down and as a Gemini a Mercury Gemini and a son in Gemini. I love me some info. I love some communicate. There's some communicating. I can't say the word. I love communication and I love information data statistics all that kind of stuff. I live for that stuff. But I have a Jupiter in Scorpio actually like this person would so I obsess and mine is in the fourth house going into the Third on my IC. So anything that's personal and deep and dear to me. I obsess and I make it, you know, I expand on it and Scorpio is all about diving deep and deep and deep and deepen because I love astrology so freaking much because of its validity and accuracy and that's all my chart as well.


I will keep going. You need to pick a stopping point. We're done.


Because all you have looked at this entire time, it's been like an hour.


40 minutes something like that. All we've looked at is this person's one-to-one relationships in the context of love in the context of love.


We haven't looked at the career. We haven't looked anything out you'll do this and you'll do this quick and you'll decide how deep you want to go with all these energies sometimes to be honest. I will look at this. I'll come over to Mars in Virgo. I will look this. I'll talk I speak it out loud.


As things need to change I will make those changes and discuss those changes as I'm speaking it out loud, right then we'll come and we'll remember exactly what we were talking about here.


And then I'll stop I'll take a look at this and I say I'm coming back to this. I know there's a bunch of identity issues.


I know there's a bunch of communication problems. I know there's probably a whole bunch of issues with a sibling whatever sibling is Siblings or cousins and specifically the oldest sibling. So if this person is the oldest and their family it is the one that is directly younger than them if it's if they're younger than any other siblings it is the oldest sibling, but that is this one.


I know there's a bunch of stuff going on. It's like best friends but not but we love the play together, but, you know, maybe we text a lot.


Like it's a whole thing, right?


And there's money in abundance and and value and stuff that's attached to all of that as well. So let's dive into we broke it down right in terms of love. So someone's asking for a love reading and you're reading these charts. You're like, okay.


Let's go to your romance. Honestly what I always start with this Chiron, but I'm not gonna do that for this because we're not really talking about Chiron too much in this so I'm gonna skip that as an astrologer. I focus heavily on Pluto.


The moon and Chiron. Those are my three points. I always hit them are pretty much always hit them in almost every reading because I think that most answers lie there when there's a roadblock or you can't do something most questions revolve around. Why aren't I this why can't I do this? Why do I feel like this which you know is a derivative of why do I can't I and it usually comes back to these three.


But I'm not doing that now I'm going to go to the fifth house. The fifth house is all about romance. Now romance here is interesting because we have cancer it's ruler. The Moon is over here in Romance. This Aquarius means friendship. It means dreams means. Hope skulls friends.


Technology, you know those main things here, right?


We know that because cancer the Moon is here. And the North Node is here that pulling these energies together. This is this is a good example here actually, so I'm glad we use this one because this has nothing to do with stelliums or satellitiums or anything like that. It's just happens to be another placement that is here in the same house where the ruler is.


So when I do the reverse rulership, right fifth house is Romance. The Moon is here reverse rulership. The Moon is the ruler of cancer cancers in the tenth house.


What does that mean? Well, this person is likely going to be brought relationships through their career through the public through their future goals and more importantly.


Because the North Node is in Neptune, that means a bunch of things.


But there's it. There's a public.


Sense of this but also a home sense like a nurturing sense as well. But the North Node here in Neptune tells me that this person is going to have a very difficult time with romance not relationships not marriage. I mean, yes, we saw all the issues there but romance starts it right before we can even have the relationship. We gotta have the romance and this person's relationships are going to die at in the beginning of Life is gonna take them longer because the North Node usually happens after 30, you can focus on the North Node ahead of time if you know astrology, you know, what you want. You want to get out of your comfort zone because North Node is all about getting out of your comfort zone and I will talk about this in our moon class.


but getting out of your comfort zone here and also when we go back to Here we have a sextile I shouldn't be jumping around but that's what my mind does when we were talking about. The seventh house Mars is a sextile to the North Node, but it's a Trine to the South node.


So it's very easy to get hung up on the south node stuff because a Trine is a natural harmonious in your face energy in a sextile is a harmonious but secret opportunity that you have to find and because it's the North Node that secret opportunity this can mean that this person can have Harmony within relationships, especially in a public level.


but it's and especially when it comes to their career as well, but they have to find it and it has to embody neptunian traits.


So I'm gonna get off of that and it also it opposes Venus.


So there's a balance here between home their home life and what's you know theirs versus what's out in the public, you know home life career within the relationships as well. But back to romance fifth house. We know again North note here means that it's going to take a while for this person to find somebody and there's gonna be a lot of on and off in the relationships friendship is highly important because it's Aquarius in the fifth house the ruler.


And we know that there needs to be a nurturing in mothering aspect now early on like I said, most of these planets most of the energies will play out in their default static, you know, lowest vibrational type of ways. It's what makes it predictable and what's what makes it actually easier for you to determine how this will play out in the next class. We're going to talk about how how can you change that? But that's not what this is about. This is how does it normally play out?


It will play out that in Romance. One of the people feels like the mother either they need to be mothered or they are mothering to other people now.


You can stop here. You can do one or two things.


We've done the rulership.


Because it's here. We have not done the fifth house rulership. You can do that and that will lead you into all this third house Madness now we Just because we've talked about this in this brief context that means this third house Madness that we talked about which was linked to the seventh house means romance and the relationship itself are inherently linked together by this.


Because they both lead back to this.


So romance and the actual relationship and the first marriage are all going to be dependent on how these energies play out. So if it were my chart, this is where my focus would be right here.


Now the other thing you can do.


Is you can look at the the aspects to the moon? So this is kind of like you remember back in the day. It was like choose your own path like the novels. I don't know if any of you guys read those but like I know that I don't know. I was eight or nine. Maybe not even eight seven or eight and I think I read them all the way up to like 16 because they you know, they have different.


Reading levels or whatever, but I love those because you could like, you know, you get to a certain point that says if you want to you know.


If you want to accuse this person of this, whatever go to page 55, if you want to go home go to page 32 and then you would continue the story that way and we just kind of Link back. That's kind of how I do astrology as well.


So that's this is to Choose Your Own Adventure right here. I can either see all the aspects linked to what to the ruler the 10th house rule is sitting in the fifth house for romance, or I can go to aquarius's ruler Uranus see what's going on over there really doesn't matter what order you do it in. It's really up to you. I tend to avoid the heavy stuff and save it for later because I'm gonna have to do it eventually, but I can get a lot more out of the way and then come back and end on that.


Which is interesting because usually my daily life I like to handle the harder stuff first so that it's smooth sailing doesn't matter pick what you want. It always ends up at the same. So what I'm going to do first and ironically usually it doesn't matter which one you pick you'll end up doing it. Anyway, this is a good example, if I were to look at Aquarius Uranus over here in the third house, then I'm looking at a zero orb of influence, which means I know that the Friendship here.


Is Multicultural I know that there is a lot of philosophy. I know there's travel and expansion. I know that there's a lot of like experiences shared experiences.


So this person needs somebody in junos there too. And I'm not talking about Juno this this person needs friends with shared experiences that they can have a romantic connection with that actually.


Because it's zero degrees spills over with the orb of influence into the second house into Scorpio, which has Jupiter, which is this ruler which spills back into the first house. So this person identifies heavily with their partner.


Is how you read that? So this person's self-worth and value which is kind of.


Is a really tough.


energy to deal with this person's value self-worth And how they interact with the world is completely based off of their relationships. I can tell this now. It may also be based off of other things. I'm not looking at any other lens, but I can tell that their relationships have a heavy influence. Not only are they a Libra Rising?


but all this seventh house and fifth house energy is pointing back into it.


So I know that that's it. Now that takes me here and then I'd have to incorporate the rest of this to see what happens with their identity within relationships specifically romance, but we also talked about the fact that Mars also leads you back to the same energy because Mercury is the ruler of Virgo which is the ruler of where Mars sits.


So like I said, this is huge if I end up doing the aspects I say okay this here in terms of the public element of their romance at 12 degrees is sex tile their son in 10 degrees. The sun is the ruler of Leo up here and there's the part of Fortune again not talking about the part of Fortune much here. I'll do an Arabic points class later, but it does mean abundance it can mean Finance Financial abundance as well.


Something lucky about it now. That means that The emotional security that they have within the friendship in a romance actually brings them opportunities that could be financially lucrative them for them which actually makes them shine more and brings them Pride.


Based off of their hopes and dreams and furthering their friendships.


So that's how that all ties together. Then you bring in these other planets again. I'm not going to do that all but you know the communication the identity that's within here.


and the illusion and whatnot and again work.


So there's an element of work that's within here as well or could be work in service So I'm going to stop there.


Again, you can go as deep as you want. So now we have a ton of information on this person. We know their type of relate their relationships the way that they interact with people in terms of love. We know their first marriage and how that will play out. We know all about how it's going to be basically publicized like even if they try to keep a secret it won't We know that in Romance. This person has an emotional security within romance because the Moon is sitting here and more importantly within the friendship and communication with the Friendship. They identify again it all spills back into the first house. We know that they identify here.


But if you continue this trend further, right zero into zero degrees spills in the second house for one degree spills in the first house this Pluto.


Remember earlier squares Venus. So it actually creates their identity ends up getting subsumed into their Partnerships which creates their own volatility here because they start resenting their partner.


They they're looking for intimacy and something long-term. But at the same time because they have no identity at that point Pluto's coming in Pluto is volatility and whatnot, and it is squaring Venus. So it's creating.


Probably public because Saturns here public and also the moon here privately public outbursts within relationships that are here because it's the first house it is them that is causing the issue.


Usually not the partner.


Because the partners involved in the that's not to say the partner didn't do anything but it's them that creates the turbulence.


So that's what we know about their romance and the relationships now we're going I hope you guys are following along.


Now we're going to go up to the eighth house because for me in love relationships, I can look at everything. I can look at your friendships within relationships, which is up in the 11th house. I can look at again public we talked about in this person that they're they're career and their Public Image is all related into their romance, not directly into their relationship, but the romance aspect of it.


the beginning intimacy For love readings. I do five seven eight. I read the entire chart but five seven eight, excuse me is my that's what I focus on right because for me love is Romance the actual relationship and connection and how they interact and then the intimacy from there I jump around because everything else is important included but those are the main three aspects intimacy is probably one of the most difficult things to explain to my my clients and customers And is probably the most consistent issue within all love relationship readings that I do when there's a problem going on or if they're looking to somehow make their relationship better. This person is no different.


Chiron Chiron is always a very difficult thing to deal with.


Some people have it worse or harder than others because of potential negative aspects.


Sometimes trines like this person has a Trine here can actually make it more difficult because everything that happens within the relationship actually activate.


Sometimes in a positive way, but can be negative. If there is a Transit happening to this. It'll actually affect from deep within the relationship externally.


This person Chiron in Taurus is self-worth issues.


It is value issues. It is money issues with shared resources, but we're not talking about shared resources. We're not talking about business, right? The lens is love now. I catch myself doing this all the time.


Sometimes I've got to get myself back to what was the lens again. And this is where it can be confusing and this is where when you do natal chart readings. Those are very difficult because you have no lens if you're trying to read somebody's natal chart. What are we talking about? What's the first house? What's the Eighth House in the scope of what so it doesn't matter how long you spend on a natal chart reading you're never going to give them all the information which is why there's always questions at the end.


Let's continue.


Like I said shared Resources with money issues here.


Debt issues whatever but none of that has to do with love. So erase that what does it have to do with intimacy? Okay self-worth within intimacy Chiron and it's in retrograde so that that wound is internal and it needs to be cured internally. Now, I'm not going to go through Chiron and what it means too much in this class because that's not what it's about.


But we know that it's it's issues and insecurities and it can manifest in the real world. A lot of times. It's psychological and it comes from childhood. Now with this person. It is in the Eighth House of intimacy. It is in Taurus Taurus rule by Venus Venus is in the fourth house now.


We already did the seventh house. We did the fifth house when I break this down first, and I know that there are insecurity issues which means this person has a very difficult time getting Beyond romance and the relationship. This person has a really tough time actually connecting on a very deep level in a value-oriented way and essential way.


With a partner and it comes from issues from within within their own value within their own sexuality because sexuality rules the eighth house as a woman their own Womanhood.


Which they may not have an issue with outwardly but inwardly because it's the Eighth House deep down secretly. They absolutely do now Chiron can also create overcompensation. Right? We have this wound so much that sometimes in the opposite context we put it out there. So this person may end up having such issues with their insecurities within their self-worth and value as a woman feminine energy, especially in nitpicking themselves here because it's in Virgo.


And how they could serve in the bedroom potentially intimately that they may overcompensate and take their sexuality outwardly to try to prove themselves as somebody who is sexy or somebody that has sex appeal even though once they get in the bedroom. It becomes a huge issue. That's one thing. We don't talk about enough with Chiron is the overcompensation which actually highlights the wound even more if you pay attention now.


19 degrees we kind of talked about Chiron at 19 degrees we look we do a quick scan around the chart and see what we see chiron's very small so in terms of how Chiron is impacting other planets, I would say 18 to 20 degrees and We have 19 right here. Now. This is interesting. This Chiron is in conjunct Saturn.


So this person is a hard worker.


We know that here which isn't really the lens of love, but we know their hard worker in terms of lens of Love. They actually want a this is what they need.


They need Independence, but they need a partner that is their best friend that is long-term a little bit of a traditionalist and that there is an intimate connection with this person.


Where value and money and shared resources are all part of this and there are no problems in that realm. This is what that person needs. It's in the first and second house.


They're sending it two degrees. We'll talk about separately.


In the context of love, but this is what they need in terms of Love. They want a partner.


And a lot of Libra risings, they identify with a partner and that's kind of their default. The Aries in terms of relationships tends to make them very selfish with their partner and not attend to their needs but it's rulers in the 12th. So in Virgo, so there is a service there. It's just behind the scenes back to the Eighth House of intimacy that in conjunction means that they're their long-term.


They feet and which is interesting because Pluto's here. So this makes it complicated because Pluto rules the eighth house, which is more intimacy. So they need and want intimacy here.


But they compartmentalize it because they have their wounds. So they're wound and their inability to dive deep in their overcompensation of their sexuality. They actually hold separately.


From the relationship that they want so they actually don't merge those two together that intimacy is not for relationships this relationship. This intimacy is for some Partners, but not the one and this is what can create a very difficult.


Issue within someone like this when you're doing love readings is they that these two energies cannot be merged not in a standard way anyway, because an in conjunction means that these energies don't understand each other.


What complicates this reading is that Pluto which rules the same thing is there practically conjunct.


It's conjunct in terms of Saturn.


Saturn seven degree seven to seven and a half degree orb is definitely reaching over Pluto.


So this person needs intimacy one intimacy and can have intimacy but not when it comes to their wound.


They treat their wound. They don't deal with their wound within their relationship. They don't let their partner in to heal themselves. So this intimacy that they do have is for the sake of the partner because it's the first house in Libra.


It's intimacy for the sake of intimacy, but their true intimacy and their Eighth House and their wounds are hidden to themselves and their partner has nothing to do with it.


What's interesting though is an in conjunction can actually exacerbate the other one. So this intimacy can make this wound worse. This wound can make this intimacy not happen.


So they are linked there has to be a creative way to resolve this and this and this does require this is not in the context of love. But when you expand out this does require that somebody gets a little bit of therapy.


because they have self-worth issues within intimacy within things that are deep down in private that no one else knows about that have to do with the fourth house fourth house is what mother Capricorn Authority from the mother their relationship relationship with the mother which we didn't talk about and potentially the father as well because we do have a link between the mother and the father with this opposition here.


And a few other things so we have family issues in general. It's an idea the fourth house represents family and so does the moon so it's not just the mother. It's not just the father but it's the family dynamic as a whole has put in a damper on this person's relationships because they're trying so desperately not to have the relationship that their parents had.


I'm wondering how many you guys have kept up with me at this point and and get everything that I've said the intimacy again has to do with this and we know that this squares off with Pluto. So there this is and this is in the first house.


So their idea of a relationship.


Is in contrast conflict with their parents relationship and that's where a lot of their intimacy issues come from because something that they personally witnessed.


Potentially the divorce because that's right here their family Pluto is and Libra. This is relationship. This is divorce. So I'm assuming that this person would have had their parents would have divorced earlier life and probably around two years old.


Because their sentence at two this is when they came in the term of relationships. This is when they came online.


Something interesting that I found. I don't know how many people have noticed this but the ascendant degree is your on switch.


It's not to say that you weren't living before that. It's not to say that you weren't.


Alive or paying attention but this is when you start coming into you into who you are who you're going to be and this pushes you forward. Now.


I want I'm going to answer this question that I'm looking up here in a second, but I want to stop here for a second. We have only talked about love in the lenses of romance.


The actual relationship and first marriage and intimacy. We haven't Dove deep deep into any of them semi-deep into all three and this system that I developed in the way that I read is why?


You are going to read better and differently than everyone else and people are going to be like, I don't know how you know that the thing is you don't know anything going in you see a chart.


And you break it apart and this is what it comes down to break it apart take it one thing at a time add information just keep adding information. And as you add information you have developed a narrative if you've ever read a novel.


You know, you can't just look at this thing about. Oh, yeah, you're this and just walk away. No, you got to build it up. You're building a character bio in a novel. If you've read any novel when you get the page 10, you still don't know anything about this character. That's what astrology is in order to get dive into this into everything here, especially personality.


You've got to dive in layer by layer structure by structure piece by piece and look at every single thing that has to do with this ruler. It's placement the aspects and that's how you get all your information because The aspects will tell you yes, this is good or there's a conflict. No, this is bad and that tells you oh, okay. Well, it can't be a good thing. So how would that play out in a bad way? Well conflict struggle Strife, whatever.


It's definitely a ton of information but it makes complete sense. I can't wait for this recording to be uploaded so I could slow it down and look at my chart again and break it down. That's what I'm hoping. You guys do I'm hoping you start clicking because the best thing you can do.


is to the best thing you can do is to go back to your own chart and try to look at it. We know we're in whole science. We know all the systems because you're taking classes one through three and now you're breaking it down. You're tying it together.


and you're starting to analyze yourself objectively not what you're taking a little bit of what you know, but you're not trying not to be subjective about it and like This is not about making the chart fit you. It's about understanding yourself because here's the energies that you've worked with and this is why things have played out if you try to go subjectively and And say I want it to work. It's impossible to Manifest. This is why people who do who are always like.


Well, I want placidus as the best my classes doesn't work.


And then they keep fighting me. I'm like fine use placidus, but you're never gonna manifest anything because everything's gonna be hit or miss right? It's the same thing with the same with the people who are like well, I want it to be in this house and I wanted to mean this. Well, it doesn't mean that and if you keep like dwelling on it wanting to mean something it will you'll never be able to use it properly. The next class is literally about saying if you really want that just know what it means in the first place so you can make it be what you want.


Or if there's capacity for it, but that's next class.


But I'm excited to see how you guys.


How you guys resonate with it? Once you do start looking into your own charts to see once you start breaking down everything again through lenses because everything is through a lens. There's too much information here to not be breaking it down into the context of what are we talking about? This is the theme this is the topic. I'm not looking at anything else just this.


So Ashley, let me know.


You know.


You know what topic you start with and what you find out maybe something new that you didn't really understand before.


Taylor I had something come up that's why I'm late in case you're wondering why someone was asking a thousand questions. You probably gonna be asking a thousand questions now because you missed a big chunk of the beginning but try to follow along and you'll get the recording anyway, so stay tuned.


Ashley I was able I was I was able to something of breakdown my passed away grandmother's chart with just the first three classes.


That's awesome.


That's awesome. I'm glad that okay, so it's working. It's working if you're able to do more than you were before then it's working if you've been into astrology and this is helped you at least start breaking down some things that is Amazing. Yes. My great aunt confirmed. It was spot-on.


Look at you. Look at you go.


I'm telling you we're creating a whole world of astrologers.


It might be a small world because not everybody's into astrology but you guys are going to be able to do amazing things with your life. It's gonna be awesome. Some of you guys want to learn astrology because you want to teach astrology.


You want to dive deeper you want a good foundation to kind of figure out, you know, your own stuff. Some of you guys are doing it because you want to be astrologers and you want to help other people all that's awesome. I think the majority of people just want to understand their own lives so that they can stop seeing certain Cycles happen and really manifest for themselves, which is why this whole course is here all thanks to you. Thank you.


Well, thanks to you for showing up and taking this information and applying it because without that it really doesn't matter. I could sit here and talk at the wall, I guess so, that's awesome. Not all me. You too.


Let's keep going. That's awesome raising my confidence mid class. I love it.


Okay, so we talked about love for this person. I was thinking I was going to go through I have three charts. I was thinking I was going to go through all three.


What I'm going to do is I'm going to go through.


I'm just gonna leave this one at love. I'm gonna go to the next chart.


And then I'm going to the final one because I don't have enough time to keep doing all of these. So we talked about love here.


I'm gonna go to chart two.


chart two Um this I'm going to talk about their family right people ask about their family their home life and family all the time and I can do that here. So I'm not gonna worry about career. I'm not going to worry about relationships. I'm not going to worry about love. I'm not gonna worry about that. What I am going to do is we're gonna switch gears right new chart new information.


And we're starting fresh. This is client. Number two.


We've done a reading we've given answers if you're an astrologer, then you know, you've gotten paid for your services you have received compensation for your time energy value knowledge. They have received answers that they so desperately needed and can either get closure Clarity do something.


It's amazing. It's a win-win in this type of Arena so now we're on to a new client. This new client comes in. They want to know about their family.


I'm not gonna dive into the entire family. I'm not gonna worry about money. I'm not gonna worry about too much of who they are. I'm gonna like, you know, when I it makes me think of there used to be the these like little they weren't kaleidoscopes. They're like little binocular things that you would see a story in them and they had this like thing that you put in front and then you would take it out and you put another one in front and it would be a different story each time. That's what I think of when I see lenses. That's why I called it lenses to begin with So we're gonna look at this person again not career not love but family. So we're gonna talk about family here. So again each one of these houses is still important. I'm just going to go to the traditional ones because I have a certain amount of time that I have to read this. I'm not trying to spend seven years on this person's chart and I'm gonna give them as much information as possible within the time frame or within the context of the question. Now, it makes it easier when they ask a question because I don't need to look at all 12 houses. I need to look at what they're talking about. You always want to break down their question. Let's try to question on this one because I don't need to know about all their cousins Aunts Uncles grandparents or whatever.


Let's say Oh Lord, let's say children.


What's my relationship with my first child? That's something I do a lot. Actually I do children's charts all the time.


So this person wants to know about their first child and children in general.


now I already see Chiron in here. So I know there's a heavy influence on.


This fifth house so lucky me I chose that without glancing here first. So I'm still gonna answer that question and we're going to talk about it here.


now all of these houses mean something when it comes to the context of children when you link it in this is their health which can impact children if there's some sort of influence I do see that there is Children in Pisces. So that's something that will will come back to this is their one-to-one relationships which may have to do with children. It's how they deal with everybody. But this is more specific to children in the fifth house. This is also the first child.


This is the second child.


Third child would be up here. This is them as a father. This is them as a mother. Yes, we can be Mothers and Fathers as men Mothers and Fathers as women you father your child differently than you mother your child even as a woman and I think Society has has gotten us into a certain point where we're so gender.


I don't have gender oriented or gender disillusioned is the right term these days but now male and female energy are the two energies. There is no third energy and we the yin and yang concept exists and I'm not talking about genders. I'm just talking about energy. I'm not getting into that not talking about politics, but the actual energies male and female. That's all there is there's the the Opposites there's the You know the Mars versus Venus, that's all there is.


So when you're looking at these energies here your father, but also how you father your mother how you mother.


What you value how you communicate and how it could be linked, right? So these are all LinkedIn. So we're true. We're looking at this person Rebel Academy sample two in the context of the relationship with the first child and their children in general.


So I'm going to start.


You know stereotypically with the first I'm sorry with the fifth house.


A lot going on here. Like I said, including Chiron my first instinct because I work with Chiron moon in Pluto is I want to know Before I dive into anything what's going on with this Chiron right now? I know I keep saying over and over that. This class is not about Chiron, but I want to know.


In what capacity is the insecurity inability limitation or otherwise happening the wound?


What is the wound?


Again, it's usually psychological but it's oftentimes manifesting in the physical world.


So what does this have to do with well has to do with beauty because it's in the Libra deck in here has to do with the relationship and has to do with one-to-one interactions has to do with anything legal. So we'll keep that in mind here because we're just looking at themes right? We're breaking it down. So we're in the fifth house. We know we're talking about children. That's all we need to talk about. We don't need to know about romance. Obviously. We don't need to know about speculation and gambling.


We don't need to know about risk. Although risk can go into children. So I do want to keep risk in the back of my mind if there is an issue that has to do with risk.


So Chiron is in here, there could be a wound associated with risk within the partnership or the the beauty of a child there could also be a wound within having children. There could be a wound within in Uranus.


I'm sorry a query I always talk in the sense of the planet. But Aquarius is ruled by Uranus. So it's eradicism. It's friends. It's hope streams the future and you're in this energy is, you know things that happen out of nowhere when I'm talking about when I'm thinking Chiron. I'm always thinking the negatives first because I want to know what could have happened.


So I go to those Uranus could be something that abruptly ended abruptly cut off immediately changed.


Or that technology of some sort was involved here.


I'm going to ignore these two for right now. I want to know more about Chiron. So I'm gonna do two things. Remember, I told you it was like a Choose Your Own Adventure. I can either look for Uranus here or I can look at the aspects first right now. I feel like looking at the aspects. So I'm gonna look here to the Moon that's 22:28 too far out of the orb of influence 28 to 29 part of Fortune not going to talk about that again in this class, but there is something opposing.


Fortune so there's an opposition now when there's an opposition When you're talking about children and abruptness and quick either something happened and it was good or something happened and it was opposing luck. It ended up being a not lucky situation. Uranus is too fast to allow luck to come in. So either was lucky quick or lucky bad, so we know that too far out of Pluto's range 28 and we know that it is sextile the only real information that I have to go off of here.


I always double check down here, especially when it comes to this. So we have a semi-sex tile with Mercury. You see it here this glyph.


And that is here. So I see that in the health and the possible health issues because I know Neptune has to do with lack of or Illusion or thinking that health is a certain way or communicating health and Pluto has to do with transformation Evolution and potential death.


So I already know at this point that this is probably a heavy reading and I'm preparing myself.


If you're an astrologer. You're looking for things in your chart you're reading for somebody else. You have to realize that not every single reading is going to be rainbow as a butterfly. Some are serious. Some are joking and fun some are like possibilities. I like talking about relocation astrology and I like talking about business election astrology. Why because they can get heavy but not usually they're not usually too heavy ironically my last two Astro cartography readings were both back-to-back. Well not back to back they were in the same day.


And both of those were kind of heavy because those people were looking for an escape trying to use Astro cartography to get there and they had not dealt with issues and it didn't matter where I place them anywhere in the world.


It wasn't going to fix some of the problems. It was just relocating some of the issues and highlighting if they went to certain places that could have been really good highlighting the issues.


They hadn't dealt with some from childhood some from relationships and whatnot. So it's also important to understand that again. I focus on the Moon Pluto and Chiron immediately and almost every reading because if you haven't dealt with those and learn how to use those positively then like I said relocation astrology doesn't really matter where you move that's not going anywhere. So you have to deal with these things.


Once you learn how to deal with it and use it in a positive way then go to a place that amplifies that positivity and become something amazing. But if you're still stuck in your insecurities and you're volatility and your fear there's what are you going to do with that? You're just going somewhere else to amplify something to amplify. Your fear can't do that.


So anyway back to this chart send my sex tile here is an agitation. So something about the child and something about something that's very deep down something that's hidden something.


That's unknown. Potentially that has to do with communication wind because it's excuse me.


Mercury Gemini rules wind and It also rules Virgo which again is doubling down on the health and health issue potentially Health scare something that's missing or something. That is unknown.


If I keep going here.


Chiron is forming a sex tile which is a hidden opportunity.


which I'm not gonna get too much into and then I already know where this is going and then Vesta, which is the spark of life.


Is creating a sextile here and that's in the third house and it's highlighting the communication issues that have to do within wind air and potentially.


I mean Sagittarius hell, I'm not getting into medical astrology here.


But Sagittarius also has to do with like the hips.


intestine hips thyroid type regions and situations Vesta is life. So if I have a if I have a and Jupiter expands upon it.


so this could be this could be and I haven't gotten to the rulership, but this could be the death of a child based off of something that has to do with those things. Medically speaking.


that with their first child that expanded into something specifically within those areas.


that had to do with a misdiagnosis potential misdiagnosis and communication issues with communication meaning they didn't get to something as quickly as they should have and Yeah, because I also and then on top of that the ruler.


And it's a heavy one. The ruler is Aquarius is Uranus Uranus is over here in The 11th house which does bring some luck back into the situation, but it's ruler when we layer and we go down the rulers the Sun the sun's and the sixth house this brings the health and this all has to do with the beginning of Life in terms of this context this lens because the South notice there.


So this is something that this child would have a health issue from the beginning from the start and with this type of energy.


I don't think this child made it.


So I think that this is something that that child that they would have had to deal with because I also have the moon in the seventh house which has to do with the relationships and fears and The moon can create agitation fear again. It's ruler is here at five degrees.


And that five degrees is there it is. Again that five degrees here in the fifth house is in conjunct pluto. Usually when I see that it is not creating an opportunity for regeneration. It is creating.


a loss Because those energies don't understand each other. So the whole rebirth regeneration.


Doesn't happen.


And then I see Venus here.


The ruler of the first house here.


Which contains the ascendant in Uranus? So this is a quick thing abruptness. We talked about that as well.


and Venus is also the ruler of of Taurus the vertex is in there, which has to do with significant events. The eighth house also rules death first house sex and house roll a ship this defined the relationship by the way, because it's in here Venus is here they were together on this.


But yeah, this would be a defining point in the relationship defining point in this person's life because we also have a square here between within a degree between Mars and the eighth house. So this is likely the death of a child. If it is not the death of a child then it is some sort of Developmental issue within this child specifically.


11th house Mercury specifically with the brain it's either air passages brain or something that's expanded out.


So because the third house social identity and thinking so either brain disorder something with the throat or I mean that's it and it either ended up with something someone developmentally challenged or they didn't make it.


That's a freaking heavy reading. I'm sorry that this ended up in a class and not just a client read but these do come up. So maybe this was good for some of you guys to realize that not every reading.


Ends up being positive and you have to also remember that when you're tying all this together.


Especially when you see an inconjunction here, that's kind of the Clincher for me is that this happening of the child of the first child The Happening?


In conjunct, it doesn't understand.


the Regeneration process doesn't understand now if it doesn't understand death, but it's in behind the scenes so it's like It's a lot of Health stuff behind the scenes here.


That's in the context of the first child and actually all the children here. There is a wound for children for this person and it it manifests physically likely with the first child.


The second child for this person is in the seventh house. It could be the reason why this person with the second child here.


That that second child would be mothered that there would be an emotional bond and emotional security within the second child which relates back to the first child.


I would imagine that either that the developmental issue or the potential death or loss of the first child is creating this here because again, it's ruler is back in the fifth house. So because of whatever happened with the fifth with the first child the second child is becomes like there's an emotional attachment and fear associated with having so between the time that they had the first child in the second child. There would be a fear about having a second child and thinking that it would happen the same way as the first child. It's different energy though. It is seventh house. It is Aries.


And it is going to bring in this energy and Chiron is a part of it that Chiron could just have to do with the fact that the first one was lost.


And then it continues on the third child is here that is here in the sixth house. It also creates an agitation to this so it could be something that they ended up they they weren't able with their children. They weren't able to or decided not to keep the death of that child secret and they told the children. So therefore that wound is agitating and the third child if there are three child children third child would actually feel it more than the second job. The second child would know what to be a part of him. But there's something about it on the third child because it's the ruler of the third child that would actually that loss would be extremely agitating. So there'd be something there about the Um what I mean this gets deep but what the child chose to do for work how this child's psyche developed and all that what they chose for Creative expression how they compose themselves based off of the communication of finding out that that first child either has an issue or isn't alive.


So that's heavy. That's super heavy. I'm gonna move on to the next one because I didn't expect that. I chose these three charts very randomly and Yeah, the other thing that kind of solidifies it that I believe it's a loss.


Is that Venus here?


Is squaring Neptune and Neptune is in the second house value?


And that Scorpio here could have been that they didn't have enough money to save the child. It could have been that they just didn't know how bad the situation was and weren't able to do anything. But this also creates a potential where there is value to the life, but it may not be there because of this.


moving on Sorry guys, very very sorry that that was so heavy. Let's go to number three though, Rebel Academy sample three again. If you're looking to be in astrologer, you have to realize that these come up and I deal with these kinds of situations all the time all the time very heavy things and shoot within children is obviously closer to my heart. It's definitely not as it's very much a heavier situation when children are involved for me relationships though often. They obviously include and involve children and that's something I didn't talk about with the first one though. Is that the well I did a little bit but the children are a huge part of The first child specifically is a huge part of what happens with the publicity with this first one.


second child They probably don't even well, they might have a second child second child. They may not see as much if they have a second child.


And if they have a third child, it would be very similar to the first child.


But that would happen later in life the third one.


Going over here if it happens third one third person rival Academy sample, three, let's hope that this one is not the same and I'm telling you for real. I have not looked at this prior to starting this class. I've never looked at these three charts. I picked them at random put them up here and I've never looked at them before I'm gonna look at career.


Because I don't want to well I need to the children and family one was Heavy. I don't know why I went to children. I could have just been like what was this person's dad like and that would have that would have been an easier read here. The first person we already did love so we did love family. And now I'm gonna do career just so that you guys understanding this.


What if someone asks am I going to have kids sorry if you want over this?


You can't tell if they're going to make a decision.


That's the thing astrology is a is not a blueprint is not a blueprint it is energy and you can tell if they have kids. This is how the first child will be. This is your interaction and then in the manifestation class, you'll say well if you don't want it to be like this like if Chiron is there or whatnot you can do this and you can try to focus on this so that you can manifest a better life or a better relationship with your child or your children.


So when you're looking here and whatnot.


This person looks like they don't even have kids based off of this energy here.


I don't know that but I would imagine that this person doesn't have kids based off of this and this and this.


and this so you can't answer if they're going to have kids I get that question a lot.


Am I gonna have kids? I'm sorry. I can't answer that. I don't answer it in Tarot and I can't answer it in astrology. I can only tell you if you have kids this is it just like I can't tell you the funny thing is you know, this is like first child second child if they only have two kids grandchild number one.


If they have three kids, this is grandchild number one.


Right and this person it would be child one child two child three child four child five child six child seven.


Grandchild one grandchild 2, right. It just keeps going around and you don't have really any way to know that and I'm speaking.


in terms of today I haven't found a way to determine. Yes, you're having kids. No, you're not the only time.


That I really have been able to determine if someone does or doesn't have kids and I've been surprised a few times so it's not foolproof. So I don't push it too much but usually if I see the moon here, usually there's a child at least one child the moon in the fifth house because it's mothering children. It just goes unless it's like Queen kunk's in conjunct something or causing a square to maybe Neptune or something like that. Maybe they have the kid and then they lose the kid through, you know custody or miscarriage or anything obviously it gets heavy but or I've seen a bunch of times again. The Moon is usually involved but Saturn in the fifth house often not always but often means that in their Saturn return.


Or any or a time that links to Saturn that a child is going to come.


So you can't tell if they're going to have kids but you can tell.


When they do how that energy will be.


And there are some ways again to be able to tell.


There's probably children.


You guys can probably hear the sirens. They'll be gone in a minute.


third person it's a good question, by the way, because I get asked that all the time but At this point in time. I have not and maybe you guys will figure it out. Maybe you guys will learn this and start doing your own theories and you'll be like Logan is pretty simple this here and this here says they're gonna have three kids. Why didn't you figure it out and I'll be like I don't know.


so Anyway, this person here career. Now we could dive into love again. There's no point. We've already talked about that. We can see that this person potentially has a lot of love issues here with these two energies here, especially since they're opposed the ascendant, but guess what? We're not talking about love. We are talking about career for this person. So We're going to look here.


And we're going to break it down. So tenth house.


Usually they say tenth Sixth and second. Well second is money six is your work and your work environment what you're doing on a daily basis and then the 10th house is your career. It's your Public Image. It's what you know what you are known for and what you kind of do structurally the midheaven is not everybody aligns with it, which is surprising. If you align with your mid Heaven, which is the opposite of your IC your IC being your deep personal self, if you can align with your mid heaven, then you are doing the job that you want to do that.


You should be doing that you should be known for and then you combine that with the tenth house and it creates your career. Now again, all of this has to do with it. If you are running your own business, then the seventh house has a lot to do with that. But let's just say this person doesn't own their own business.


They have no Partners or shared resources. So we're not bothering with that in the scope of the lens of career. What do they do now a main question. I'm going to I'm going to jump on this ahead of time. I get this question all the time. I understand why we get it. I've asked myself this question, but I've learned over time that they're simply is no answer to it. And that question is what is my life purpose one of my supposed to do in this life.


It doesn't exist. There is no one life purpose.


What you're supposed to do is understand your energies so that you can know what you can do what you want to do and then use the transits and/or which are Divine timing to see when does it align to do the things that you want to do? Right? And we're again we won't be talking about Divine timing in the next class. That's more the transit class.


We're going to talk about manifestation next class here. I'm going to tie it together break it down.


And talk about just what types of energies because this is really what a career reading comes down to what are the energies that surround what this person can do should do and then it's really up to them to decide what they want oftentimes in my readings. People will tell me. I've been thinking about doing this sometimes I'll say That's Not Really Gonna pan out sometimes I'll say hell. Yeah that aligns directly with what you're supposed to do. What are you waiting on and then we look at the transit to see what they're waiting on and then other times I'm like, well you can do that.


But if you do that you really need to do it this way blah blah blah and I give them the advice and they're like, oh my goodness. I thought about that, but I wasn't sure it's amazing how Synchronistic, I guess or serendipitous maybe that it can be in these readings where you're like, well this is and this and they're like, oh I was thinking of that and then they end up doing it and then they can make money if they follow all of that this person.


Already has the part of Fortune again. I'm not going to talk too much about this necess is interesting. I won't talk about that either but there's a conjunction between kind of technically there is not well.


I don't know if nessus has enough. This could be a conjunction part of Fortune's a mathematical point. So it is not conjuncting anything necess is an asteroid it could I don't know how far this I haven't studied necess enough to know how far of an orb of influence I would get give it. I'm not reading it anyway, but this could be something.


Worth knowing once I learned necess more right? I don't know everything. I don't have all the answers. I just have a lot of them and you guys are going to expand upon everything. I'm teaching here, which I think is going to be amazing.


But anyway this person here.


And I'm not gonna talk about series either but I shouldn't even be showing them but I kind of naturally click these things anyway Gemini so this person can make money through speaking this Monday can make money through communication through anything that's local and they have their part of Fortune here. So this for anything that's written word. This person here has a part of Fortune so they can make a lot of money doing these things and abundance of money more than most because it's just kind of there money makes money for them if they're smart with it.


its ruler when I do this reading is in Leo, which has to do with entertainment this has to do with home so they could do entertainment from home they could do.


Again, it could be written entertainment. It could be the moon's public there could be an aspect of the public in here. But there they would be very private about it. So if this person did have a public component of of entertainment entertaining of some sort that would either be a home.


A sense of home and sense of family to it or they would be very private about it you would know of them, but you wouldn't know much about them.


especially here with their identity being in Leo, so they're kind of You know, they can talk they can talk about themselves and talk about the things they like about music about kids about Adventure whatnot.


But it's all like their private like they keep a lot of it to themselves.


the sun here in Vesta So that's kind of here. We know that with a direct conjunction here that they're likely is some sort of either.


Alright, so here's what we're gonna have to do. Right? So this is where this one's a good one because this makes me dive deeper.


This is just how they make money, right? We're looking at the lens of career only money right now. So only the second house.


so Gemini Mercury is the ruler Mercury is here in the fourth house. I explain what all that means conjunction with.


The third house ruler, right Cancer's rulers is the Moon. The Moon is over here. It is conjunctus. So this brings an element of making money through something public that is in entertainment or children or nurturing or home that has to do with either Recreation money gambling children or entertainment the sun. Is there the sun doubles down on all of those themes and makes this the most prominent thing here, but there's still a private aspect of it because it's in the fourth house.


It doesn't do anything with the midheaven. Although Venus does.


Okay, so and I'm about to get to Venus.


So all of this here this home this private this entertainment this children anything that is here. It's ruler is it the third house rulers has to do with identity and communication again. This has to do with culture and expanding it is conjunct Mars. So this involves their physical body this involves something that they physically do and wherever Aries is Aries is 12th house, so now we have to this is where it gets very sorry Ashley asks, what was ruling gambling Leo?


Leo rules risk and gambling which is also the fifth house, which is also the Sun.


It's where we feel alive. It's that kind of it's where that comes from.


Now this is what we need to do is when you're breaking it down.


if you try to break down everything for every Definition of it. If you try to break down the sun in every definition Mercury every definition. You are welcome. If you try to break down the moon in every definition you do that at the beginning because you haven't gotten enough information, but once you've gotten as much as we've already gotten now that we know that the third house the identity the communication all that That Jupiter and Mars here, and I'm I'm starting with Mars and I'm gonna look at the others as well that that is the rule of the twelfth house that I don't need to dive as much in the 12th house has to do with I can narrow it down a bit now, right 12th house has to do with film and media music spirituality. It's all the Neptune stuff medical and anything behind the scenes.


Okay. So those are the main things so an Aries is something pioneering something that they do so I know that if it is.


If it is music that it is like new music that they would do.


I would look at Neptune Neptune's and Scorpio if it was music, it would be more like Emo music that they would sing one to one could be singing to public.


If it is medical then it would be potentially surgeries that other people wouldn't do potentially surgery something that they would work with the crime lab or something like that because it's Aries with Scorpio. If it is entertainment, then it is film. It's like action film that's like family. So like family action film somehow.


In pulling all together so we know that we know Jupiter is here and that's the ruler of the eighth house. So there's something against secretive Illuminating sex taboo. That kind of stuff would be in here.


Now if I know that it's deep bonds text taboo. I'm probably going to rule out children.


And this is how you start breaking it down. Like it could be intimate bonds with storytelling with children.


But it's probably not because those energies in my head anyway kind of conflict with each other.


So it could be music it could be film. It could be surgery. It could be medical now. We're still breaking it down here.


Venus here So we had Sagittarius and we have Mars so we know also that the ruler of the eighth house and the ruler of the twelfth house are working together.


Because they're conjuncts. So with the 8th 2012 house all work together here.


In the third house. So again it has to do with writing it has to do with communication. It has to do with identity. And this is all based off of either the public because cancer rules the public and so does the moon so does the fourth house kind of I know that's weird, but it's really seventh and 10th house that rule it. I don't know why it's switched around but this is the way it works.


Where was it going with this? There's an element of partnership in the identity. So if it's music, they're singing about love if it's film it's you know.


You know.


Romance and and like partnership stuff if it's if it's action stuff, it's like buddy cop stuff or their partner.


Usually they are not by themselves in whatever they're doing. There's an aspect of partnership.


Venus here Is interesting so Venus brings Venus is the ruler of Libra Venus is the ruler of Taurus. So where are Venus? We're Taurus and where our Libra well Taurus here is is in the first house is the ascendant it's in.


At 20 degrees with the North Node 20 degrees. This is someone who in order for their career, they find their career. They find their footing in career later in life. As soon as they start identifying with themselves and figuring out who they are.


That's not to say that they can't have a career or that it's not going to be in that but you'll notice over time that they're stepping into their sensuality their Womanhood their value. They'll get money money over time in their career. They get paid more subsequently as they carry on and they step into that after 30 years old or so.


It's in Saturn. So that has to do with career. It has to do with structure and has to do with like being very regimented.


Is a lot of energy by the way.


We do see also a Trine here with these energies with the fifth house fifth house is also entertainment, but Virgo is like service. It's like daily. So it's like it could be something that has a recurring feel could be something that they're very Pluto and Uranus is like they show up they do their thing and they leave but they're also there to help out with other people and they're like friendly.


if it's Medical you're bringing children back in right? So if it is medical this is where we bring children in.


I have a lot of Leo energy here. So I either have entertainment of some sort or I have children. That's really the only two things that I'm thinking here entertainment and children because of all of this energy here, but I'm gonna keep going Venus opposes the mid heaven Well, if Venus supposes the midheaven, that's everything that we're talking about here is based off of their childhood is based off of who they are and they put all of that into their job. They also have find a work home balance here as well and sometimes their home life because they were talking about cancer and the IC things that are personal deep down in their home life that we wouldn't know about because excuse me Eighth House and 12th house energy with the IC.


We don't know much about this person.


Like publicly speaking, even though public the public does not know much about this person and the public is very infatuated with this person as well because you're talking about bringing the eighth and the 12th. There's something very mystical and alluring about this and we just keep going midheaven in so that's money. That's all how they make their money. They make their money by doing all this. Well, what's their daily life? I'm gonna skip them in heaven and I'm gonna come back to it. What's their daily work life? Like well, they work with something either Partnerships or something public facing something that has some sort of legal component to it. But this is an empty house.


So it's not it's likely not service oriented in terms of I didn't talk about this before but Venus I'm about to the rulers Venus again, which is also the ruler of their ascendant.


So their work and themselves are ruled by the same Planet. So they are very work oriented. Even if they come up they show up and they get invested in and like abruptly leave or they develop friendships with it within it whatever they're very work oriented, but they try to find they try to strike balance within it and try to do things that are fair.


Its ruler is Venus Venus is in the third house. So this has to do with sale a third house is also sales, but it's it's home. So if there's if they're selling they're selling the families, they're selling the women as well.


Venus what I didn't mention before is very important is that 29 degrees with an orb of influence of four to five degrees? It means it's spilling over and it's all part of this. So Mercury the moon and Venus are actually all conjunct.


This is a stellium but is a stellium that crosses the third and fourth cuspline and and across signs as well. So like I said, a lot of other people don't count stallions when they cross blinds, but I do because these energies work together regardless of what sign they're in they share energy and they bring energy between each other. So you're talking about the public and entertainment you're talking about nurturing and children, but that's all kind of here in the same thing and we haven't figured out yet what it is because we haven't gotten enough detail. We haven't no deep enough, but those are the main things so if they wanted to do something Culturally speaking expanding out that had to do with nurturing and motherhood and children and whatnot.


It's likely because of this sextile here and this right? Yes.


only the Neptune word enough to go Oh, no, we don't have one. Oh, so this is how the orb of influence so that makes sense. So this doesn't have any influence here. So it's just the sextile here. They likely don't have their own kids. I'd be very surprised if they did.


But other people's kids.


They would like have a strong bond with so again, we're still in children, and we're still in entertainment.


their daily life ties back into how they make their money their work ties directly back into their Again, this is opposing midheaven. It's at 29 degrees and there's a sextile with the ruler of the tenth house which we haven't gotten to but that means they're Public Image the way they handle themselves within the public their private life and the and all of that that all ties together and the way that they make money and the way then what they do on a daily basis is the same right? So it's not like they have a job and the way they make money as a specific component of the job. It's just flows together. It's all part of it. I hope you guys are caught up so far we're gonna keep going this that we're about to talk about not this next thing but the thing after so I'm kind of saying this in advance too far in advance, but the thing I'm gonna say after this is what separates me and now you from everybody else.


Damn it. I said that too soon, but it's the fact that I don't just use.


the 10th house for career that I don't just use the mid heaven then I don't just use a second and six that Saturn differentiates everything that Capricorn differentiates everything so How does that work? Well, let's do the 10th house. Then we'll do Saturn and Capricorn right because capric Saturn anytime you look at Saturn. It's coming from Capricorn. So you have to figure out you know how that applies to career.


Put that on pause for a second. Let's go here 10th house.


Is in Aquarius now, we already talked a little bit about the mid Heaven. We're going to come back to it the 10th house in Aquarius. The Public Image is on and off again has to do with friendships has to do with either technology or networking or standing out and being unique. That's their Public Image.


And it's ruler Uranus is in the fifth house. So they're uniqueness their Public Image of Technology. The public image that has to do with how they do things differently or they're on and off again image is related to the secretive nature or anything that has to do with their relationships or lack thereof with Neptune here.


In the house in the fifth house, which has to do with again entertainment and children. So I have both of these still again and that is service something daily and they're well, we're not gonna read in the lens of Health. We're still reading in the lens of career every planet every placement career career career.


So now I know that their Public Image has to do with either entertainment or children, so they are known for this.


their job is is this The midheaven opposes Venus now, the other thing that Venus rules is the Arts. It is also their chart ruler.


So they are known in their career something structured something that has Public Image and notoriety.


potentially internationally or culturally is the ninth house now that's that ruler is Saturn. So I need to know where Saturn is but specifically speaking. I would go to Saturn. Anyway, Saturn is Chiron. So this person has had issues within their career specifically ups and downs because we know I said on and off again here and being able to maintain a longevity of a career that doesn't mean that they're not good at their career or anything like that. They just Are having they have difficulties when it comes to being able to have the goals and dreams and the hopes that they would want for themselves for their career. We're talking about the 11th house. This is hopes and dreams and Chiron is saying that they are going to have insecurities with it being able to attain them that maybe some of their hopes dreams pertaining to Career anyway.


Are a little too out there, but Saturn in Pisces is film spirituality Medical.


so it's all this energy as well. So here's the thing. How do you put out there? Someone who has all this and whatever so they could have chosen any of these routes and then Saturn's Saturn is trying this is kind of where you start narrowing it down Saturn is trying Public Image communication and Venus which has to do with the Arts, which is also the public ruler.


This person is known this person is well known so medically speaking how many doctors surgeons whatever. Do you know?


Probably not many by name this person's name.


Midheaven in Capricorn in the ninth house is Global International.


this person in Pluto is like I said on and off against Cycles changes. They have a lot of Issues within their career that they can come back they can come back a new person when you do see them because of the trying to this their image changes each time and they're struggling to figure out who they are especially within their career. This is actually really deep for this.


as you dive in this is film.


I can tell it's film or entertainment at some point, but it's film it's not music. It is filmed because it's art related right music doesn't usually bring in unless it's certain ways. It doesn't usually bring in Venus this way, especially with Mars there in the same house. This is saying that this is somebody who does a lot who does a lot of this type of stuff has huge public exposure here, but usually when it's connected to somebody else right there's partnership that's an aspect here money is not really an issue for this person, but they do have a difficult time struggling to find themselves, especially their Womanhood and their value as a person.


That's the key to Taurus Rising. Anyway, is that when you're talking about the first house? It's the house of self Taurus rules value. And with the North Node there. This is finding over time. So as they get older, this is a blessing for this person because as they get older it looks like they don't even Age especially with their sentence here.


Opposing Neptune in Scorpio here. This is like they don't look their age. They would never look their age.


What would show difficulty making money or having to rely on somebody else for money relying on somebody else for money is the rulers in the Eighth House Scorpio is in the second house Pluto's in the second house or there's something in the second house that is linked to Pluto. So Pluto for this person is 17 degrees.


the This is the house of making money and then Venus is here. Venus's not connected to Pluto.


here directly or Scorpio or the second house and it is connected to it is connected to the ruler of the second house Wait. No, that's not Pluto is not connected.


Scorpio is not connected.


There's a there's a trying here between Neptune and Scorpio, but that's it's not money.


If they had if they had shared with this actually says is that they would share their money with their partners and their family. So this is a generous person.


Generous Leo's generosity. Anyway, Leo and the son both in the fourth house. This is somebody who heavily identifies with their family is extremely generous with their family.


And uses their career to help their family is literally that type that's this type of person very compassionate with other people.


but in terms of relationships Not the easiest life for them, but in terms of career money stuff like that. They've done pretty well for themselves. But relying for other people and money has a few different contexts. Sometimes Juno in the second house can also mean that your partner brings you money.


But usually it has to do with Pluto placements. Sometimes it's Pluto's in the first house in the first house rulers in the second house.


There's a lot of ways that I can actually play out. But this is usually money or Venus in the eighth house could also play out that way.


Or Venus connected to the Eighth House ruler can play out that way as well.


Juno and Libra in the second house. There you go Libra in the second house also can play out that way as well that you make money through partnership or that your partner brings you money.


But like I said Juno in Libra in the second house is that your partner could be very rich and you can live off of them could be you have to look at all the aspects and whatnot.


Depends on how and then you look at the rest of your charts. Like do you feel that? That's something that you like? Is that something that is beneficial to you or are you very driven and and you don't like it like you could have a harsh aspect to it.


It's like it happens, but you don't really like that. It happens.


But yeah, so that would be your situation then if that's what you have.


How you deal with it? And if it's something that you enjoy or that works out in your favor is going to depend on where Venus is how Venus's aspected because we're talking about Libra's ruler.


And then any aspects to Juno as well?


I see very interesting. Thank you. Welcome.


I see a lot of energy in the private part of her chart.


Of the chart fourth house, but you said they are super well known so big confused. Okay, so when we go back here they are.


It's a combination of you don't know much about them and you know a lot about them at the same time, but they are a private person to begin with they have the moon here in the fourth house which keeps them very private the sun and the fourth house very family oriented very like they Thrive at home. They prefer to be kind of to themselves a bit.


You have the 12th house ruler, which is isolation down here in the third house in Cancer so this is somebody who would travel to be at home. It's like if they had the ability to do so they would either travel to have a home somewhere or they would travel to like stay in the hotel and stay right around the hotel. They are not somebody who were Saturn yeah, they don't like to explore much when they do travel right here with Chiron and Neptune and then that's here. They would only travel and explore out to like secret places with a partner. Otherwise, they wouldn't do it.


That's this energy here.


And then they have it here. Also, they go out in public with a partner like this really when you only see them as if if there's a partner or if there's something that has to do with like Mars here. Yeah, if they're working you'll see them out if they're working or if they're out with family or if they're with a partner. That's really all you'll see them. But the reason why you you do is because of this stellium here.


And that crosses over the third house ruler of fourth house and then you have Jupiter here.


Jupiter is the rule of the eighth house that keeps this person. Also very intimate. Very secretive right hidden is the energy of this eighth house. It is with the ruler of the 12th house, which is also behind the scenes.


Don't it's like the vanishing energy here.


And then in that same house is Venus, which is their chart ruler.


And but then it's it's straddles over here with.


The moon which is public what actually makes them known and known for being private is the fact that Venus is opposite the midheaven, so they're stuff from internally is put into their career.


So their career and their outward projection is actually bringing energy from their private life.


So this is how you know the private but people know them.


Does that make sense?


They're 10th house career. And their Public Image is also LinkedIn with the seventh house, which is dealing with the public which they don't do too often. They would only do that.


Come and go or for work. So they don't really interact with the public either unless they're working and they probably have issues with it. So they probably ship this person probably has a hard time even doing like interviews and stuff like that even for work.


I think so. I guess seeing an empty 10th house. My first impression wouldn't be that they're well known. Ah, see that's the thing.


That's tiktok astrology. That's pop culture astrology. I try so hard to tell people that empty houses really don't mean anything. They definitely don't mean they mean something but they don't mean what most people mean.


Or think they mean rather empty houses. Don't mean that these things don't happen in your life. In fact, a lot of stuff can happen career wise.


If you have a seventh house and it's empty doesn't mean you're not going to get married. It just means that your focus is not on the interaction one-to-one relationships and the energy that energy is pulled somewhere else. So if somebody is married for money.


That's too generic if somebody is.


If the contingencies upon a relationship have to do with friendship, then you'll see potentially an empty house, but you'll see either the seventh house ruler with Uranus or in the 11th house and then you'll see a bunch of energy up in the 11th house so networking. Hope streams future. The relationship can be a huge part of their life, but it's tied integrally integrally integrally.


Intricately whatever where you want to use to their hopes dreams communication or not communication networking technology friends future all of that kind of stuff Society. That's kind of how it is.


So that kind of ties all in together.


So seeing an empty house.


Doesn't mean that they're not going to be well known. It doesn't mean that they're not gonna have a career. You have to look at the ruler. The ruler of the 10th house is Pluto Pluto's Power by the way, so this person is powerfully known.


For fifth house stuff working in entertainment working with Children Health of children. We talked about gambling we talked about romance, that could also be a part of it. It doesn't always have to be one thing. It can be multiple things. But this person has that here.


I hope that makes sense. And I think that's a very valid point very valid question because all over freaking social media. I see it all the time people like oh empty house means you're not going to have this.


Does that mean an empty first house means you don't exist? Because the first house is the house of self. So everybody who has an empty house. I have an empty first house my ascendance sits there but there's nothing else in my first house. Does that mean I have no identity that I don't do anything. No because just because it's empty just means that I don't the different areas of my life are not hyper focused on to me my physical body in every action that I do people with stuff in the first house.


They're living in my experience or my not experience because I don't have anything the first house but in my experience of reading people's charts in my opinion, they have harder lives than other people because everything relies on them.


You know their happiness relies on them if it's the sun in the first house there which I mean can be great because you can literally make your own your own happiness.


Your health relies on what you do some people's health is just naturally good doesn't matter if they're lazy or they move around they eat whatever they want. But other people it's you know, what they do, whether they're Physically Active literally determines their health that there's six house rulers in the first house.


It can create health problems.


Very easily because their health is literally determined on every action they make and that could be very frustrating for some of these people. So some people have certain areas. Like I said with this person their career has struggles has issues their friendships have struggles and issues their relationships have more struggles and issues. But all of us have struggles and issues. They need to turn this around for them. They need to find their identity in their own worth through, you know, family potentially starting their own family or an extended family or something along those lines.


Well this class.


Recording me uploaded before your Astro class tomorrow is hoping to catch up before then. But yes this all making sense. I doubt it.


Sorry, I'll try but I don't know that I can get it up that quickly because it has to process then have to run it through post. Then I have to edit which isn't doesn't take that long. Then I have to export it. Then. I have to upload it and then I have to do a stuff bunch of stuff with learnworlds and Vimeo and then I could put it I will try but it's a lot of work to get it up.


Will try everything's making sense. Cool.


All right Taylor. That was you and Ashley. I can agree with that Virgo Rising here with Chiron the first house. Yeah like that just Virgo Rising is Health all the time. And Chiron is like having to be very cautious.


With things that you do for Chiron, the first house is also you know, and we talk about this all the time.


You know, it's one of 12 possible placements. So a lot of people in the world have this but Chiron in the first house is a lot of perceived.


And Virgo it's nitpicking over everything because Virgo so critical very good with details, but often goes too far and becomes critical but criticizing your body to the point where you become so insecure that it literally affects everything.


That's the trouble with the first house in my opinion not trouble, but the challenge of the first house is that you're so Everything you do. It's literally your physical body and everything you do. So and the first house impacts all together 11 houses.


So the focus has to be there. So the healing for you for anyone with Cairo in the first house.


The healing needs to be the manifestation class may help you.


Kind of hone in on this because you'll take that energy and you'll start healing and when you start healing you'll start helping other people at the same thing and then you'll then be healing yourself and then you'll start noticing every other aspect of your life. We'll just magically magically become better because you're not insecure about yourself your healing, you know that you're a Healer that you can help other people that your detail orientedness is actually a really positive thing until it goes too far and then you can help other people it all the time as long as you don't take it too far if the balance out the first and the seventh house astrology in general is all about balance.


So once people understand balance and they really hone in this and they understand their conflicts between like this person really wants to make a name that this is interesting because in the fourth house but in entertainment this person strives for the next thing right because the ascendant and the sun which literally in entertainment what not. This person is always a hard worker always trying to do the next thing always trying to put themselves out there make a name for themselves and keep themselves alive through their own actions and this actually extends Way Beyond career, but we're in the lens of career. So in terms of career, this person is constant. This is a very diligent worker sometimes to their own detriment like they can really wear themselves out. I would imagine that in entertainment. This person is the person who's on set on stage, whatever well beyond when they're needed.


Mmm, and this also they're obsessed with what they do.


Here especially if they have friends involved. It's like that's probably their perfect thing. So here's what I'm going to do here. Are there any other questions before I do something that I consider a little bit of a plot twist?


Here, I'll give you a second to type a question. If you're at home. You guys can go back real quick review some things check it out and kind of see how everything plays out in your chart.


This was the third chart that we did we talked about the notoriety that we see here, even though empty houses, which is a great topic to talk about the second one we talked about.


the not so fun possibility here. I actually want to Google something real quick of a potential issue with a child first child first born and then this one here this person we talked about their love life always being on display lots of issues within love specifically in Romance, and then we even talk to touch about their first child being a part of that in their romance. They're intimacy issues. That was what we talked about Now what's interesting here is every time you go back to a chart. You can look at things and see some things here.


are not private some things are 11 and 11 That's a shrine.


I missed this when I looked here the chart rulers in the first house. That's not a loss.


This is the problem with it is there's so much information you go back. That's not a loss. So this is an illusion. This is this is a loss but it's not a loss of life. This is a loss of connection So this one little aspect changes this entire thing here.


And I looked it up to verify because I had a feeling.


This right here this 11:11.


Is not a loss is a connection a deep connection actually.


But Chiron here, there's definitely an issue that happened at 28 so.


That's something to look into what we're going to talk about that in a minute.


Could I have a super quick General brief overview what we talked about in the beginning of class?


I gotta be honest. I don't remember everything. I talked about the beginning of class.


I basically talked about lenses breaking down each topic into subparts.


diving deeper by connecting everything and going through layers.


Realizing that if you try to do a full natal chart that it's very difficult to do that.


Because there's just too much information and you're not looking at anything and everything is done through lenses.


Any bit of context?


Pluto retrograde so Pluto retrograde in this chart see this is this is well Pluto Works in inwardly internally.


So when it comes to the 12th house, this is you know spiritual this is anything has to do with music or film or anything in the subconscious. This is a lot of like repressed psychological stuff. That would need to be handled Pluto inwardly is a all the changes and all the psychology has to be dealt with on your own like you can't do the Transformations outwardly. He has to transform spiritually in order to and I know who this is, but it has to transform spiritually inwardly to kind of help other people want a spiritual level. This is something that would happen over time because the North Node this is actually who this person's supposed to grow into this person here is supposed to grow into their the public family the Public Image, which is interesting. This person is supposed to grow into their Public Image and their career and this person is supposed to grow into themselves grow into who they are.


Okay, cool.


Would you consider Aries in relationships?


To for the sense of passion. Yes, absolutely.


Yeah areas means passion. So it's not intimacy though. It is Passion like lust sex the the drive and the motivation and the want when you're talking about areas here, so when you're looking At this person. This was the second person that this is you know, you know, they can be well this person could be selfish in relationships, but And we talked about children for this one.


But there is the moon here. So this person like feels a need for relationship. But here's the thing is while Libra's can have that issue of being selfish within relationships. They can also find themselves within relationships, which is the goal.


And with here with the Moon it comes through their career that they find themselves in the relationships. Their partner would be very much a part of their career.


And the ruler is down here in the fifth house with.


with Venus, so there would be the first because there's Chiron here the first relationship with likely be tough a split up a breakup or anything like that likely the first relationship there would be a child at least a child.


Whereas Uranus and Uranus is up here in Leo, so that's kind of doubles down on that.


Or there will be children involved. So either they had children or their children involved or something like that, but With this here. There's a there's a definite friendship and partnership here.


So this person the Aries doesn't play out negatively. This person is very romantically connected on a very Public, you know people know that this person with their relationships.


This is very interesting.


It all like you do have to look at the sign you have to look at the planets and you definitely have to look at the rulership and all the aspects to it.


So I'm going to show you trying to figure out this issue here with the child because there is some confusion here.


I'm gonna figure out exactly what it is, but the first person here it is.


These are real people by the way, and they're people that you can look up so you can prove whether or not anything I said was right or wrong the second person. I'm a little off and this is where you have to go back and figure out why I knew that the first thing that I got wrong was the ascendant and the Venus here that the relationships are part of who they are. Yeah, we weren't talking about they were talking about children. This means that children is not gone. There's an ascendant Venus direct trying which means the person is very much alive, but there is an on and off there is a not seeing the value here there is still a loss and there's Cairo and there's still pain and wound. We're gonna find out because I'm gonna google it while I'm live to figure out because I'm concerned with what this is first person though.


And this is the things you're reading energy. You are an interpreter. So you want to figure out how and why?


first person Britney Spears this person that we were talking to we're talking about her love life. We didn't talk about career. We didn't talk about family too much.


We didn't really talk about much we did talk about our first child. We did talk about this. I picked three people that I don't know much about I've listened to her music. I know all my friends were into her.


I was just I was not really a part of that. So I don't know much about her. I know that there was a conservatorship we didn't talk about that. I know that it recently ended because my wife was talking about it today. The reason why she popped in my head is because there was a random conversation about her. But the first person we talked about was a Britney Spears.


The second person who I see from time to time and I like what he has to say, but I don't know hardly anything about him is a Tony Robbins. Now this person is very intriguing to me because while I was reading the chart My brain works funky like this is I'm reading the chart for this person's child and family, and I'm also reading.


Other stuff in their chart about you know, their career and their love life and their your goals and stuff like that. So very interesting that their goals involve Tech. I did hear this guy invested in Tech and Boop. There it is. So we would have used entertainment to get that and the things that he invests in our wow. It doesn't matter. That was Tony Robbins chart.


I want to figure out the thing with the first because it doesn't say his first child died. But there's a whole thing around his first children. There's a conspiracy around it. And then there's also like a first girlfriend who had there were multiple children involved.


which is really interesting so we'll have to figure out where that went off a little bit and then here is and I don't mind admitting that there's no such thing as a perfect astrologer, but you're tying it together in the amount of detail you do get out of this.


Is important third person we talked about the career.


I know nothing about this person aside from like one or two movies. This person has been in but everyone else knows a lot about them. It's Halle Berry.


I picked these three people five minutes before I started this class and just looked up their birth time to see you know, their natal charts and find people that we could find birth times for that were documented. And this was the third person. So this is Halle Berry's I know nothing about her romantic relationship or if she has children or anything like that. To be honest with you. It doesn't appear that she has children and if she does it's likely through a relationship if she were to and it would happen later in life because she's been searching her whole life to figure out who she is.


But yeah, that is it shows that she's entertainment shows that she's well known you can see that the 10th house here and I don't usually do celebrity.


stuff But I decided to do it this way in the car about two hours ago. I was like, you know, it'd be kind of fun. If I did three random charts, but didn't no one knew we were looking into a celebrity's chart, but I don't want to do politicians or anything like that.


So of course that's showed up my search history.


Glad nothing crazy showed up.


Tony Robbins first child, let's find out live what's going on with this first kit here, so 84 Father Charles Elizabeth Acosta personal empowerment coach and trainer that makes sense because chiron's being used positively there. But there's this whole thing about a child at 14. There's another one.


that the former where I just read it.


There's this whole thing and then another marriage here.


And we know that the marriage.


oops this one We know that the marriage here is tied in with Chiron. So we know there are relationship issues that have to be worked on which would have happened over time. We know that the relationships were public.


first child are there any issues?


There's mommy issues, but we didn't look into that.


There's something secretive about all this.


This is talking again talking about child at 24.


This is his childhood pituitary tumor in his brain. So the whole brain thing was actually not off his childhood that I was reading.


And this is where it gets a little confusing. So I'm I actually didn't even know this.


So when I was talking about the the brain stuff and and the issue and but it's still and then I came back and said that there's not a loss or death there is loss and there's definitely a conflict in something that had to do with health and the Brain.


Here that that was actually accurate and there's some sort of growth. This was the expansion that was talking about. So that's interesting fifth house.


And I'm you know what? I'm glad that I messed up a little bit here because the other thing that no one talks about about the fifth house and everyone says the fourth house in the ICS your childhood and it is but no one actually talks about the fact that the fifth house is also your childhood just like the 10th house is you being a father and the 4th house is you being a mother.


And the 7th houses you being a partner, right? They don't talk about those types of things and I think those are extremely important. So sometimes it's very difficult to decipher the energies and I should have a revisit here after this class. I'm going to revisit Tony Robbins chart because I don't know much about him, but it's fascinating here.


That there is definitely well. This is the separation we saw.


This is the having the children. This is the on and off again not seeing the child.


That child became an actor. That's this. I didn't dive that deeply but this is the wound. So with the other children, there are the there's a connection here as well. I read something quickly. I couldn't find it while I showed you live, but I read something about like two or three other kids.


Or something so that would make sense that they're all this one this one and this one.


Are all tied back into this any further children Leo are indirectly tied in this one here would be directly tied in so I got to look into it. Tony's Robin's children are five. But only two of them are his biological.


So there's the other thing.


Apparently and I guess I got to find a valid source as well because these are all saying something different.


So there was apparently an affair.


His first child was through an affair that makes sense. So if you read this that there was relationship issues and through cheating.


Eighth House ruler with Mars that actually makes sense that there would be cheating in the first one and that would create an issue with the first marriage that I can see so that piece of information resonates with the chart.


But his childhood, yeah, that's that's the the brain thing.


Like I said brain issue here.


And pituitary makes sense with Pisces being.


being there cool That's all I have for you if there are no final questions here. That's what I have.


Once again reading through some energies here.


It is always easier when your currents have questions because when someone's asking you a question, you can dive deeper just information.


Like what we did here is we looked into what is there relationships? Like what are their romance like was there intimacy? Like then we went to this one was their first child like this is a lot of information. We didn't dive deep enough apparently, but we also were looking at the lens here and the lenses can get mixed up. That's what happened here. We looked at the career here.


The problem is you're looking at such a generalized thing that you can't really tie it together because you're so abstract when you ask questions and what I should have done is asked, you know his relationship with it how that child came about what's that child doing? Those are the real questions that you ask when you're just saying like, what's the first child's energy?


It's a lot.


And you want to narrow it down. So when you're asking when you're looking at your own chart narrow it down ask yourself questions. Will this happen? Will that happen asking that what determines cheating Eighth House and Neptune? So Pluto and Neptune can both represent cheating.


The Eighth House can be things that are manipulative secretive and hidden.


and also controlling which bring the secret aspect is usually what brings in and Pluto and itself involves sex the act of it.


And then Neptune is usually lies to see things that are hidden whatnot. So when you see those two there and then because you're talking about Pluto and Neptune 12th house ruler. Sometimes Eighth House ruler often.


And in this case you see the Eighth House ruler.


Is conjunct or is in the same house? Anyway Mars and Mars has to do with sex passion action and that has Chiron. So you kind of Link these together and that actually makes a lot of sense.


Aquarius is also friendship. So this person would have been somebody who was a friend.


It's also in the house of friendships and then that's here. So somebody who his partnered maybe knew but didn't really know.


Not just in this sharpen General. Yeah, I've Aries ruling the Eighth House. You mentioned his Mars.


And you mentioned his Marsh next is 8th house ruler could be cheating and triggered my question.


Yeah, well yeah, it's not just Aries ruling Eighth House. Yes, so it would have to be for cheating and you have to relate it to the first house you have to dive deep into that. But you have to be that the Eighth House ruler would be.


Either in the fifth house in the seventh house conjunct Venus like this.


There's a lot of ways that cheating can play out.


and that's the thing too is like I don't explain this.


Everything has motivation. So things play out the same in generalized context.


Throughout most charts but always for a different reason so it's like we all have friends and sometimes we all like to hang out with friends. But if you have like Scorpio, it's like deep bonds with few friends.


If you have Mars, it's like maybe you're the person likes to go out and you you make friends or you like to go out and do things with friends if it's like Neptune, there's like maybe your friends are kind of few and far between maybe you don't see them too often. Maybe these are drinking buddies. Like it really depends on how this place out and some people can be very similar with how their friendships are but there's that one energy. That's a little bit different which is off you can obviously make mistakes when you're reading you can obviously read too far into something what I don't think you can read too far because it dwindles it down narrows it down. I should say but it's like so if you're looking for Cheating in a chart, it's like and you got to be careful too because you have to look at every aspect so something that might look like cheating at first you have to go back like for instance here with the first a child and potentially seeing a loss when you go back and what I missed was Venus being the chart ruler and trying the chart ruler which means that child is not gone that's life that is action. There's a connection and that connection is not gone. There's no Pluto involved in this Pluto's up here four degrees. There's an inconjunction but that's up in the 12th house here. There's definitely an it. There's definitely a because there's a connection there. There's definitely a wound here and there's definitely a having children versus the relationship with this child like you have to read all this together, but basically there would be a mending with the north note here. There'll be amending with the bond with this children and there would not be a deep bond with this child here on a daily basis. So this person this child was removed from his life. And if he wanted to have a deep bond with this child, he would have to find a creative way to do it because it wouldn't be by having a partnership with that person.


Virgo here could be through work could be through Outreach could be through.


Could be through networking could be through.


Could be through their job could be literally what they've learned through because it's you know Mercury what they learned through their job could allow this bonding to happen. So it could be that I mean, I've read somewhere that it may have been when he was 14, but whenever it was that there would be Growth that would have to happen within him which is also this you asked about someone asked about this Pluto and retrograde. This is internal work in order to make this Bond work this Bond happened with that first child.


that's not an inconjunction. No.


Right now it is showing one.


Yeah, so the family this person this child does not live with him either.


Right here. This is an in conjunction. So you know that because the fourth is family and home and long-term that.


The ruler the first child being in conjunct is that this that they probably don't even live close to each other to be honest.


Just red Tony and his wife just 2021 had their first child.


With a surrogate and she was a friend. There you go.


So that's also somehow an inability so that plays out in a different way, right? So when you read it, the first one is the relationship they created a child and that created a problem and then there was a separation now if that's accurate that actually makes sense too is that Where would that be? That's probably if that's the second.


Second or third wife second or third major relationship with both kind of play out the same way except you'd be adding in this information here might even be third.


I don't know.


How many times he's been married but these two actually share this in common?


The rulers in the sixth house. This one is in conjunct Chiron. There's an agitation here. There's the friendship and there's the wanting to conceive with the partner here so that it's interesting. That's really interesting, but wanting to conceive and having a surrogate.


this is like the in conjunction or the semi sextile here with health That's crazy.


And you'd have to look at transits like to read I'm seriously to dive that deep into it.


You would really have to dive deep into like the transits and the progressions because that's that's how you get deeper and like You start whittling out the things that don't you know that don't make any sense anymore because the timing has to like click like this and once it clicks it's in.


but Oh, and this was very public apparently because of this.


Must be the third wife.


He adopted a daughter first marriage that makes sense.


So that's the second supposedly his second.


Which is this which makes sense?


this okay.


Always so thorough as always been great. Oh, thank you.


Is that we got that dot the dollar we saw that.


Would you look to 10th house and Saturn for your relationship with your father?


And fourth house and moon for mother. So that's such an interesting.


What's interesting is your son the son actually represents your father as well?


Saturn represents Authority the moon represents your mother and family So it's like the father is actually split into two the mother isn't.


10,000 is usually father fourth house is usually mother occasionally. They have been reversed really when it comes to the fourth house. It's always family, but between the fourth and the tenth who's the authority So when you're reading it, it's mother and father is so generic and and like specific but really what it comes to is who is the nurturer in your family who is the nurture and who opposed the nurturing?


Who is the authority who opposed the nurturing that's how you actually read it between fourth and 10th. So sometimes the 10th house is actually the mother the fourth house. I've actually seen in my daughter's chart.


has been very eluding and confusing to me because her mother and I are represented in both houses. This is very confusing. Sometimes is that her mother is the authority most times but I'm also represented in her tenth house. I'm trying to determine a decipher remember this is my system because I feel like there's so much more to astrology. We don't know and I feel like what makes it difficult and why?


You know, you have to really get into it and we can what creates a lot of the dissonance.


Or disconnect with astrology is that astrology was around up until the 17th century and then it was removed and when it was brought back like a hundred years ago. It was pop culture crap newspaper, you know horoscopes and no one's gotten back into the actual astrology and they're using old stuff that I know doesn't work.


So I'm trying to like determine what does work and then you get to a certain point where you're like I've obsessed with I've obsessed over certain things for like seven years and I still can't put together why this and this and I know this crap in the textbooks is not right. It's it could be partially accurate but it's definitely not spot on so I want to know what the truth is and I get into like the fourth and 10th. I'm like, how come sometimes I know that it rep. The fourth is always family, but it and your roots and all that stuff, but sometimes it's not the mother but sometimes it's the mother and the father and like there's got to be a reason for how it is and Right. Now my thinking is just that energy is malleable.


It's the same reason why I know how to manifest with astrology is the same reason why it's not always a hundred percent perfect and things play out and I do believe that transits and progressions may be the the 100% key to understanding why the fifth house may have only been a certain way when the first child was born. It could have I believe in Divine timing and I heart I focus very much in on transits.


So these energies may only play out because of the transits and that actually is my next evolution of diving deep into the astrology is to say okay. Your first child is all these Energies.


But I can read this three ways.


So, how do I read it for the time? Your first child was born? Well, wherever the transits what was going over the fifth house. What was going over the 11th house the specifically the ruler to know how this played out because that could tell me probably will tell me exactly how this first child was when the first child was and under what circumstances and then also look at the progressions. What stage of Life were you in?


And then pull it all together.


That hit spot on father was nurturing when mother was the rules and regulations.


Yeah, like I said some people's different. My mother's chart was like that My adoptive mother. She hers just flipped.


Because you look at the the tenth house is not just your relationship with your father. It's also their work.


The fourth house is the relationship with your mother and their work. What did they do for a living?


Also the sun and the moon but with my mother that's flipped.


You know all the my father my grandfather worked on cars and that was down here with Gemini and Mercury energy. My grandmother was a stay-at-home and like there was like I think the moon or something up here. It was very obvious that it was flipped.


Figuring out when and why it was flipped really comes down to the person's chart you're talking about and sometimes what makes it difficult to read other people's charts without them like delivery readings or like we're reading a celebrity start right now is I don't have that person here to verify anything.


to say yes or no or to tell me their perspective because ultimately astrology is perception and perspective.


and the easiest way to explain that is if you have siblings.


Your fourth and tenth house are different the planets. There are different the aspects are different because you don't view your mother and you don't view your father the same way that your siblings do.


But you're talking about the same person that person is still that person, right? They didn't change it becomes someone completely different because you had a sibling right two years later. They did evolve they did become, you know different and they had different life events happen, but it becomes down to it comes down to perception your view of your parents is not the same as your kids view of your parents. What you remember from your childhood that your parents did for work might not be the same as your siblings.


it's very interesting and that's the that's the the subjectivity and the haziness that can come into astrology that we don't talk about a lot. I'll probably do that on my podcast is talk about this because you know for me what matters is what's real, but what's real can be subjective, which is interesting.


Would you tell her would you look?


Already answered your question there. Thank you Taylor.


Angela again, so we look at them through our lens. Boom. Yes. Yes, I talk about lenses, but I guess the ultimate that's a good comment the ultimate lens.


Is your lens because it's your perspective?


It's all relative which is why I believe tropical astrology.


Is more accurate than some of the other ones that you sidereal placements because sidereal placements are the real accurate astronomical placements.


Tropical placements have to do with the equator and the point of view in perspective from your position on Earth.


So that literally in the best way to describe that is when you're talking about retrograde planets.


Planets don't move backwards. They perpetually go in orbit in the same direction. So a retrograde is the visualization based off of the ecliptic when we pass by in a certain point in orbit that makes the planet look like it's going backwards, but the fun part of it is we feel that change in energy why the planet still moving forward but it's the perspective and relationship from Earth to that planet that allows us to to for Mercury to do what Mercury does for things to turn inward for things to work backwards so to speak So it why would the real placements matter when the placements in relation to the Earth are really what we should be paying attention to? That's why I believe this but yes, it's all perspective. So, it's your lens. How do you view things? How do you push things which is also why when people ask me their life purpose and I'm looking at their sun sign and their Sun placement.


It's like what really makes you happy.


Tony Robbins clearly working in a spiritual sense in with compassion makes him happy.


You know having routine without routine having where's my where's Neptune for him in the second house making money off of being compassionate on a very deep psychological level using psychology within this.


I do know that's accurate, you know communication within his career being animated and and having life and and speaking to groups even online but groups and communities and especially going to like Jupiter Deccan teaching coaching online coaching through communication maybe even going to colleges. I don't know exactly what he does.


But I imagine he went to colleges at some point because it's not only the Jupiter decade but it's the roar if it's ninth house that's here. So I'd imagine he goes to universities quite a bit and travels for work and that's all extremely important for him. That's what makes him happy. So what makes you happy what's all connected to your son? And it's a really tough question and when you relocate what's connected to your new son, what makes you happy in that area. Where are you supposed to shine there?


That'll be my relocation class a little bit tomorrow.


Ashley when do you know it's time to look at progressions?


I always glance at progressions, but when I'm looking at I got to finish your question, but when I glance at progressions, I am looking at.


For instance. I'm going to pull up my chart here. So I'm not using some random persons information that I can't verify.


mmm You know the other thing when you start reading charts, it's like you can be very accurate, but you're always learning. That's the fun thing.


So this is my progressed chart.


I guess it would help for context for you to see my natal chart as well.


Here's my natal chart. I'm a Leo Rising. I've emit heaven and Taurus. I have a moon and Aquarius in the seventh house the moon moves a lot. By the way. My moon is in Virgo attention to details fearing that I won't have attention to details. What am I going to do for work? That's always something. How am I going to be of service? Always there very critical of myself lately. This is gonna be two to two and a half years until it gets into my second house. And this could be a lot of focus on relationships values career making a lot of money so I know the next two and a half years is interesting.


Um, but my son is at zero degrees so I know and I know that mercury pretty soon is at 27. So it's going to come here. So my thought patterns how I think it becomes my progressed ruler of my first house. So my influence is going to be very much pushed back into filming creativity storytelling music and entertainment all that kind of stuff here children, which is interesting because I've recently had a flip over into being like I want to write children's content and I'm not ready. Like I feel like I want to but I'm not quite ready and that's because Mercury's influence with the orb of influence is flipping in here, but I'm not quite there's the North Node here. I'm not comfortable doing it.


Which is interesting that this is here too because my partner and I going to be doing it Ashley and I are going to be writing children's content and we're basing it. I didn't even look at this. Swear to God. We're basing it on our family like we came up with seven different.


Six or seven something like that different IPS like franchises or whatever series I should say that are all based on our our family based on our dog based on our children based on all of that stuff. That's kind of interesting, but I haven't Had the desire to actually write it yet, and I need to do it. But I have a feeling I actually know that that's not going to be long.


So at the end of the year.


So it could happen before then, but the beginning of next year end of this year beginning of next year 29 degrees.


It's gonna flip over and that's what I'm going to want to do.


So I look at progressions when I'm looking for changes when I'm looking to see.


You know where things are. I know that in this stage of my life.


I have to add the fact that my midheaven the things that I want to do are Gemini related and that mercury is here. So my career is actually going to be writing children's books doing entertainment and stuff like that. I'm actually moving back into that. Now that my son's there we're consequently. We're about to move back to Los Angeles.


So this all makes sense.


When you tie it all together.


The sun is trying.


Uranus here in Sagittarius in the fourth house, which is literally feeling like I want to move there needs to be an agitation. There was a little bit ago that actually created that And then this here know where we're going to live is actually the community where we're gonna feel safe and and we figured this out but I traveled it's crazy.


I actually traveled two weeks ago something like that to LA to figure this out.


So it's it's really interesting and I think it's also interesting that my second child here. My progressions is here and we're actually thinking about doing it to have our second child in La as opposed to having a here in Florida.


But I know that the beginning of next year is going to be huge because Mercury is going to be in the 12th house. It can be conjunct the Sun.


And I forgot to look so let me just look. Let me just change this.


And my Moon's gonna be at 19. So just before this my Moon's gonna be over my ascendant and then it's ruler is gonna be here. So by this time next year, I will be likely changing careers because all of this here this trying to Uranus. I already know this is happening then that's because of the orb of influence. I'm feeling this impact already.


So the square here, it's a whole thing. But you you look at progressions all the time more importantly.


When you look at somebody's ascendant.


And I'm I'll end it on this because I don't think they'll be more questions. But when you're looking at somebody's ascendant one of the biggest reasons that I've noticed why people can't figure out no matter how much you prove to them why placidus versus whole science is this huge thing is because of progressions if you take somebody who is and I'm not going to use me. I'm gonna use my wife.


So if I use Ashley?


here she has a 29.


And this was birth time rectified right?


She had a birth certificate the birth certificate had the wrong time. We rectified it to be 15-ish minutes earlier, and I'm going to know this year because she'll have a progressed Ascendant flip when that happens. I'll be able to hone this degree in even further, but it's within 27 to 29, but 29 degrees that means almost immediately after birth She flipped into a Virgo Rising.


that could be really difficult because if you feel like in placidus that Most of her first house would be Virgo. So she's always felt like a Virgo. She has Leo traits, but she's always felt like a Virgo.


and that is because her progressions like before she was even a year old. She would have been a Virgo Rising.


So it can be very hard to rectify placidus versus whole science because of that, but I also need to know.


how did that change her midheaven because her natal midheaven is in Taurus and if I If I pull up her progressions.


at 9 or I don't even know. How old should be. Let's just here. Let's choose 10 just 19 1995.


She's 10.


So her progressions when she was 10 still a Virgo Rising midheaven already Chiron.


Not that matters, but she would have public mmm in terms of career wouldn't matter too much. But this means in her life, there would be situations. I actually do know that that her public education Gemini mid have in tenth house that there's a very public incident.


Involving the school where she ended up actually having to change schools. So this right here I know is very accurate because of this conjunction here.


And I need to know as she gets older your midheaven also moves as your ascendant moves you change jobs you change Focus people who stick with one job their entire life tend not to be happy. Why because you evolve you change and while your mid Heaven always stays the same in your natal chart. It doesn't in your progress chart. So you would always want to check your progress chart to see what stage are you in your life? Technically. She should be communicating in writing.


Even even now probably if I go to her I know that this is tying it all together.


Not really today's purpose. But if I go to today's date for her progressions, her midheaven is at 29 degrees now.


You would think that hermit Heaven's gonna go into cancer next and it might but her sentence at 29, which means she's about to have an ascendant flip.


So I know that if I fast forward this.


Not even two months.


That she's going to be a Libra rising progressed and actually does put her mid Heaven at zero degrees cancer. So that will continue to progress forward which means she and her partner her and I together are going to be Doing something very public very soon regarding her career.


Something potentially nurturing but more so our own business which makes sense. This actually makes a lot of sense because we're about to launch the Mystic Rebels platform. I got the okay today.


I didn't get a response for the last thing I asked but literally the last thing they said was we're going to launch by the end of this month all done.


So it is March right now. So between in the next 30 days, it'll be up. We'll probably doing a beta and then we're gonna do a full but that's probably what this is to be honest with you and all of this energy here is opposing all the seventh house energy of pioneering and doing stuff that's involving entertainment and internet.


And this is fun. This is fun for me because it verifies.


If validates that's the better word.


That the platform we're launching is going to launch because as an entrepreneur you always have that insecurity is it and she's gonna have that insecurity here. It might not expand as quickly as we want.


You know chirons there.


However, it's healing and if we just focus on the fact that it is communication healing and whatnot. Then it is you know publishing for it may be difficult.


And we have to know that we have to understand that.


Getting ad space and people caring through ad space might be a challenge. I have to look at mine. I also have to look at the Mystic Rebels business.


That's where it's fun. That's where it's exciting for me because I could look at all at her chart. I can look at my chart and I can look at the business chart.


And I could see that her trying to do ads for it might not promote it to watch she would actually have to communicate live if she talks about it live. It'll do very well as a Healer. She's healing she's doing her job doing it live.


It'll do well same thing for me.


We both have to do it. I can see that in her energy and her chart.


And that any sort of promotion is going to be through entertainment through doing it online through doing it in a group.


So I know that the publishing of it that's how it works. Right? So this is why you look at progressions.


Because your natal chart is a static thing. It is you it's your energies, but it's not the energies of you now. It's the energy of energies of you always but doesn't count for the fact that you've gained wisdom that you've gone through things and then you add transits to it.


And you can see why I get frustrated with tiktok astrologers who say if you're if you're a earth sign prepare for your life to suck.


You know, it's really frustrating and there's a lot to it and to to be a good reader you want to take into account as much as you can here.


This is interesting this this energy here.


Ashley right now has not felt that she is.


I don't want to put her stuff out there, but she's felt that you know, she knows that this is her calling but she's had an interesting go of.


Deciding whether or not this is like something that she wants to be known for what not. Anyway, I see this.


this Chiron Neptune the spiritual Career the spiritual career not knowing if this is really what she wants to do and that she's helping other people enough which is crazy because she's an amazing Terror reader amazing with herbalism and whatnot, but I see why.


That's the whole thing. If someone's in her 2030s looking for their career, would you look at the progression start chart two usually, yeah, I usually pull it up for me.


I look at their natal energy. I always ask. Do you live there now, right. If you were born in Santa Rosa like this chart. Do you live in Santa Rosa? Do you live in California? Do you live in the general vicinity if the answer is no I need to know your relocation chart. I have a guy a regular client talk to him every couple weeks do his chart readings because he's got a lot going on.


And he was born in Africa.


Has moved to Florida has moved to Texas and a few other states moved around the world a couple times.


And now he's considering another move and I had to break it down had to talk to him about his again his Moon Pluto Chiron, but then also the fact that he's got certain retrogrades and he's got a lot of potential but in order for to him to achieve that potential realize it there's certain things. He's got to do blah blah and to explain to him because it's very important that Your natal dreams?


Versus your dreams in Florida versus your dreams in Texas your dreams in Germany your dreams and wherever they all change because your mid haven't changes and then here's your progressions. And here's where you are now and your son's gonna move your midheim is gonna move you're gonna hit it and send it flip when you hit an ascendant flip your whole life changes.


We have all hit.


Anyone over 30 has hit in a set. Well, that's not true either.


You've hit a sun sign change by then. You're sending can take much longer. Anyone who's over 50 is definitely hit one. Some people like my said my wife hit one.


I hit one around 21.


Twenty One ish I can tell you exactly what happened.


And the easiest thing to determine is usually you change the way you dress drastically and then usually when I'm trying to hone that down, that's what I'm looking for. When did you really change your appearance? Because that's the easiest thing to hone down. And I know that when I was 21, I stopped dressing so flashy it's because I became a rising.


So you guys can figure that out as well in your own charts to see, you know the age in which that happened through your progress charts.


So that answers that I think thanks so much for making space sharing your knowledge can't explain how thankful. I am. This is my passion. I'm glad you're enjoying this. I'm glad to make sense. And you know what? I would like to know I'm gonna research after I get off of here because I know people know Britney Spears.


Way more than I do Tony Robbins way more than I do.


And Halle Berry way more than I do.


I don't know these people very well. I've never been a Starstruck person.


I just never cared.


I don't care about athletes or anything like that. I've just I know exactly why it's in my chart, but I just don't care. I admire people for being able to do what they do, but I just never felt the rub the relevance of caring about all the actions they take and their entire life story into what I'm gonna do with my life. And I know that sounds I know that comes across very cold, but it's just it's my energy. I have Saturn in conjunct Venus between the third and the 10th house and Libra and Taurus. So it's like it makes sense. I know why it happens. I also it's also the same reason why I don't like any systems for any job that I get into I get in. I do things my own way for that reason, so, I'm gonna dive into these a bit more myself. See what I can find out. Tony Robbins I think is an extremely fascinating around this whole children thing and this I also want to point out that you have to pay attention to everything this when I was doing that thing here, I miss this and this right here is the connection to the partner and the connection to the life and the connection to because it is In Aquarius, and that's up here. It's the connection to the child. But the child is there's something different about it something there's a Detachment something different or something from somebody else which we've talked about.


But this is his biggest wound. His biggest wound comes from his childhood.


Comes from and that's with his childhood is where it manifested with the brain thing. So that was accurate.


I didn't know that until I read it a second ago. And then with his children his first child that was all of this here so craziness and I'm I'm assuming that because there's a square to Neptune and Scorpio that we don't know the full picture. So it doesn't really matter how much I research I guarantee you.


That it's not all publicly made aware because of like I said this Square that's right here and this in conjunction here.


So what we know versus what's actually the truth, maybe a little askew.


So keep that in mind when you're looking at Pluto Scorpio Neptune Pisces that type of energy You know.


Is the ascendant Neptune? Yeah, and the Senate Neptune. That's all that's all creating this.


Agitation here. So in order for him to do what he does and have his own business or whatever some things.


Had to be hidden and not revealed. So keep that in mind as well. So we may never know the full context of this, but this has been fun, Britney Spears.


Tony Robbins Halle Berry, so I never look into celebrities charts. So that was interesting for me. Thank you guys all for attending live. Thank you all for taking this class post, whatever watching it over again and stay tuned. If you're taking it live tomorrow see extra cartography class the introduction.


and in two weeks, we'll be the manifestation class and then I will be taking a very short break because we're going to take a trip as a family to Los Angeles because we're gonna be moving back and going to find the area we want to move to and then I'll be jumping into a lot more classes to dive in. I hope as students you take as much of this as you can to apply it to get as accurate as possible as you can and then develop your own theories because that's what I want for you guys develop your own theories find out how to create patterns observable patterns that apply through and through from Reading to reading to reading and they're always tried and true and and we can together expand the knowledge within the astrological science because the astrological community in my opinion has been so hung up on textbook stuff.


And doesn't care about how it really plays out in the real world. I think you guys are on the right on the right track with the right mindset. And if you're here that class in two weeks is all about not just putting it together, but now taking it the next step and saying okay. I know how it's played out in my life. Now. I want something I want to do something with it. What can I do with it? And that's manifestation.


Thank you so much Logan. See you tomorrow looking for tomorrow. Looking forward to seeing you guys there. It's great after cartography is one of my passions. So I'm probably gonna do it just like this and just kind of go with it and just do a random person's chart.


I don't know if I'll do a celebrity again. I'll probably just make it completely random because I want to talk about and this I could always do a celebrity like live maybe one time. I'm live and just talk about like Elvis or someone because I noticed the placidus Elvis doesn't match the whole science Elvis and whole sign shows his residency and his issues with his his father and and the colonel which I learned about colonel.


Yeah all interesting stuff.


All right guys. Thanks again. And yeah, see you soon.