Rewind welcome to the rebel Academy astrology manifestation crash course class number five, which wraps it up is basically a zero to 100. If you got to this class you already know this but zero to 100 from nothing to everything and I called this one time to manifest and I was doing a little bit of play on words here because Divine timing is a huge part of what we're doing here. Now, I did break this down into three main components for this class. I don't have any materials for this class other than my little splash here. So there's nothing for you to like review and go over. It's just gonna be showing you how to do this and a little bit of a conversation here.


But this is all about taking the energies that we already have because the average person who gets into astrology professional astrologers. They believe that energy is energy plays out. It's like fate Destiny like it's a roadmap that you can guide but you can't actually change and I strongly disagree with that. I don't think there's a point in learning this aside from knowledge if that were the case I think and I know because I've used it I've manifested so many things for myself both with and without astrology and I'll tell you as a hell a lot easier when you have astrology to do so and Just knowing that you can take energies that may not feel so great for you and turn them into something that is magnificent for you. There's nothing like it and you're watching other people who don't believe in astrology who even the ones who do who don't believe that you can manifest with astrology which I think might be worse, you know, sit there and kind of fall behind now the energies for today's course line up perfectly with this being the culmination of this or this class rather the culmination of this course, so I'm a huge fan of that lines up as a sex tone of my North.


No, it's you know, the Moon is trying my Saturn there's a, you know, a lot of other things going on. So I love it and I'm hoping that this is exactly what you guys need because again, the whole purpose in my opinion of learning astrology is not just to understand yourself, but to actually be able to do something with that. So we're gonna start off. I picked a random person.


This is not a celebrity. There's no tricks here. I literally put in random numbers and gave this person a fictitious name and we're going to go from there. The three main components of today's class are mindset transmutation and divine timing.


So that is going to be what we go through mindset transmutation and divine timing before I even get into a chart. I want to talk a little bit about mindset and mindset is so important because it's kind of like what I just talked about where a lot of astrologers don't believe that you can transmute with these energies that you can actually do something with them. They believe that they are static faded points and that's all they are. And I I do think that some of them are I think that some of those energies are a little too intense for us mortal human beings to be able to do much with but I think the rest of them are completely malleable.


And we can live the type of life that we want to and if you manifestation-wise what you believe is what you achieve.


Meaning if you believe that this cannot work, it won't if you believe that astrology is a roadmap to your fate and destiny and you you're just along for the ride like a side seat passenger, then that's what you will be.


But if you believe that you can harness this energy and transmute it and turn it then you can I promise you you can because I've done it none of this matters. If you Vibe with toxic people or toxic situations, I cannot help you if that's the type of life you continue to lead. So if you really want to manifest things in your life, you're going to have to set yourself a mindset.


That allows you a clear path forward and in my podcast in a lot of my videos on social media I talk about what I've kind of coined as my catchphrase, which is Vibe higher.


And when I say Vibe higher I'm talking about there is a natural resonating frequency that all energy plays out and I talk about this in the fourth class a little bit, but it's astrology is predictable.


And the reason is predictable is because there's a low frequency and then there is a spectrum going all the way up to the highest frequency.


And I am not the person to tell you what the highest frequency is, but you know as different situations come across and that's what you have to figure out what you want to harness and embrace and manifest with.


If you have people in your life that bring you down and you refuse to remove these people from your life and sometimes they're family right you might have a mom who's just super toxic who tells you all the time like criticizes you all the time and kind of gets in your head and I'm not saying don't ever talk to your mom again, but maybe if you talk to her every day, maybe you should limit that the two to three times a week or something along that that you can kind of manage that stress and whatnot. If it's a toxic relationship, maybe you're at a precipice where you have to make a choice whether it's right for you to move forward or if there's something you can work on within the relationship so you can both move forward or if it's time for you to exit and do things for yourself and harness that Aries energy.


This includes friends. It includes work situation.


It's not always people sometimes at work.


It's not the people. It's the job itself that you just don't like there's a component of it. That just doesn't feel fulfilling.


Sometimes it has to and that's Often by the way career and work. I see that all the time. Sometimes it's friends when it's the people thing. Sometimes it's your relationship with money.


Sometimes you chase things that you shouldn't Chase and you need to bring it back a little bit and say, you know, it's it's okay to want money. It's okay to do things to achieve money. But if your relationship with money is poor then that is a toxic situation where money comes in you spend it right away. That is something that you have to address and that's not to say go the other way and become an extremist because that's opposite your energy most likely.


And that's a drastic change. That's really unnecessary. Just having a better relationship within your energies to understand yourself will help immensely.


When you're looking at your chart Chiron understanding your wounds understanding your insecurities and the things that hold you back within your own psyche is extremely important. I always talk about this. I'm adding two planets to this. There are five planets that I think you need to pay attention to in order to manifest properly three of them. I always talk about Chiron again is one and in astrology. I understand Chiron which has been back and forth demoted promoted to a dwarf planet a small planet of whatever it was an asteroid a comet whatever it is. It's out there and in astrology we call it a planet.


So Chiron huge huge because if you're looking for your limitations and you want to go beyond those limitations, then you need to understand what's holding you back in the first place.


The next two I'm going to group together because they do have similarities in the context of what I'm speaking and that is the moon which I talk about constantly and Neptune and both of these planets revolve around fear.


You have to know what your limitations are which include what you are afraid of your intuition and your family and your your soul level fears the ones that come from your family your upbringing your conditioning your emotions versus the things you don't know and the things you're afraid of because you feel like either you're going to lose it or you don't know enough about it to achieve it and you have to address both of those fears because one of them comes from conditioning and the other one comes from abstractness and both of them are based off of fear. And this is why a lot of times we talk about in the energies of different planets that different planets mean different things and some of them have a little bit of overlap to the other one. Like if I'm looking at the chart of an actor or an actress oftentimes, I will see both Neptune and Jupiter have a prominent role and it's not because they're co-rulers or anything like that because in different ways they have certain traits that overlap within theatrical experience. One of them has to do with fantasy.


And the media and film and things of that nature with the creativity that's expressed. And the other one has to do with storytelling and experiences and philosophy that can create a good Storyteller who creates believable stories in a fantasy fictitious, you know, liberally speaking way and both of those go hand in hand when it comes to creative people who are in the film industry.


So you have to know again those energies Moon and Neptune for Fears the next one another one. I talk about all the time is Pluto.


Pluto is the ruler of the underworld. It's the upheaval. It's all the things deep embedded in your psychology, which is not your subconscious. The Neptune is also your subconscious and you do have to be aware of your subconscious traits and behaviors patterns and habits, but Pluto is deep down.


It's things you bottled up. It's things that that kind of stir inside and you do not want these things coming out you have to address Pluto and and really get in tune with your inner self the Deep hidden parts of you that you don't share with everybody else the secrets and you have to come to terms with all this because Pluto is also personal power. It is inner power. It is regener. I can't say that word regenerative properties that you have. It is the Phoenix and anytime you're talking about manifestation. You have to realize that you have to also be okay with failure.


Because anytime you're achieving something, I guarantee you. You didn't get it on the first try if you did nice Stroke of Luck, but every single time is not going to happen that way failure true failure.


Means you fell down you never got back up.


That's the mindset.


Anyone who is successful has failed numerous times?


the smart failures are the people who look at how they failed why they failed they take the stuff that did not cause them the film they keep it.


They take the stuff that did cause that failure and change it. So they're not starting from scratch. They're not abandoning. They're moving forward by tweaking the things that did not work so that they can achieve the success that they're looking for. But Pluto is that inner power it is that regeneration it is that Strife that Obsession and that manifestation requires Obsession because it's the thing you want.


It's not a it's not a genie. It's not three wishes in a lamp. You don't just wake up one day and say there it is. That's what I wanted. I got it. Now. There are little things that you can manifest. You can really spend time thinking about something driving something really small but a lot of the things we want to manifest are huge, especially if any of us are dreamers. I know I'm a dreamer. I know everything that I want to do is Grand scale.


And some people will tell you have to take a step at a step at a time do a little by little and whatnot. And I'm just like no that doesn't Vibe with me. I don't do things little at a time. I take huge leaps and that is part of Leo. I'm a Leo Rising that's part of my energy your energy may be Capricorn. You may have to set Milestones. You may have to go slow and steady.


If you have Virgo, you have to go service to others. It has to be a daily thing of routine and you have to be careful that you're not overly criticizing yourself every single.


you know and then back to Leo Leo is about risk-taking risk is a Leo trait and the inner child and the things you want and almost that that innocence, but that Untested worldly ambition that you can have that fire that literally lights inside.


You say I'm not happy unless I have this that's Leo every single sign in the Zodiac has something that will help you grabble into and move forward with and then the aspects and everything else.


So That's extremely important Pluto is your power. If you want to know where you'll be powerful if you want to know where your magnetism is, that's Pluto if you're looking for Success life is a popularity contest and I people hate when I say that.


But prove me wrong.


Life is a popularity contest people have to like you if you're selling something people have to like you if you want to be seen if you are an actor if people don't like you they don't want to watch your movies. If you're selling a product they you know, they if you're selling a house you're the realtor and they don't like you.


They're either not gonna buy the house or they're gonna get rid of you and replace you in the process of buying whatever house it is.


It's it's a popularity contest and you got to figure out your way in there because that is also part of manifestation is understanding the game. No one talks about that part the game.


Europe you're a chess piece in on a chessboard. If you don't understand the game or the ways that you can play it or the ways you can manipulate the system. Then you're going to be you know, that pawn that gets swiped off at the beginning and you're gonna have to play the game starting from scratch again and it's just gonna keep going you're gonna be in that cycle Pluto is your power. If you do not harness Pluto, it's everyone else's power and it becomes your chaos.


the final planet is what I would believe is the most obvious planet.


It is in all social media. It's in all pop culture astrology. Everybody talks about this planet, but nobody uses it and that is the sun. The sun is Your vitality.


The sun is your risk. The sun is what keeps you moving keeps you alive and pushes you forward. It's your creative expression and your inner child, right? We talk about this in the first or second class or both of them.


The sun is so important but most people get hung up when all of the intricacies of the real world because the sun is not part of the real world.


The sun is life is why it rules children you brought that into the world.


But it's also your happiness because it's Your vitality.


It's literally that fire inside you so wherever your son is, wherever your Leo placements are wherever your what's in your fifth house.


All of that is extremely important, but people neglect it. They look for their midheaven. When sometimes we don't even use that or they look for the 10th house or the second house and like oh, I need to make money my second house in Venus and they start there. That's great.


But if you don't incorporate the rest of it you're not going to be happy and you could be wealthy, but you won't be happy and we need the full package manifestation. Nobody manifests to be rich and depressed.


We don't do that. I actually I was listening to a song at the gym earlier today and I sent the lyrics to my buddy because I I Vibe heavily with like a certain section of the song and it's it's a little crass but there's one part that ends the verse that says yeah, I want to be broke forever. Yeah, that's that ish that no one ever said right but We can want to manifest money. We can want to manifest abundance happiness a partner the dream job a place that we live. There's anything you can really manifest almost anything within the the energy and the parameters of what you have. But if you only chase after that.


Taylor got it Jeezy if you only chase after that.


You were not going to be happy because you are neglecting your sun sign and your sun sign has connections aspects. We talked about that in a previous class and it has a position. It has a degree in a deck in and it has a house placement.


And you have to see where it is and you have to look at your progressions because through time it changes.


your natal chart will always be there, but if you move Or if you just get older it moves the progressions are based off of one degree per year and your son.


So you can move three to four signs within a lifetime depending on what degree you started at.


So it's important that you pay attention all that and you align your current position that we're going to get into this and with Divine timing, but you align your current position with what's attainable at the time and then you focus and you hyper focus and you make sure that this is the only thing and anything that stops me from doing this is gone.


That's mindset.


That mindset is extremely important. It is the one thing that people do not.


Pave the way for themselves because they allow toxic situations toxic thoughts.


toxic people all of that to continue and more importantly something that's maybe a little more abstract toxic Cycles when things happen. They run their course, we hit an ending. We come back to the beginning. We do it all over again.


You noticing your lifetime you have Cycles because if you look at your chart Planet sit in a certain place and they sit in a certain order and as events come in transits come they always go this way in perpetual motion. They move forward and yeah, we get a chance through some retrogrades, but it has to hit that planet in order to us to snap for us to snap out of it. If we're not cognizant of the fact that astrology exists and you're in this class, which means you know it exists.


The next stage is transmutation, right?


So now we have the mindset down. We know what we want and it has to be something that is a attainable. It can be a big thing, but it has to be attainable.


And it has to be something that we are willing to put in the work for something. We really want not something small not something trivial you can get those things sure you can manifest them but something you really want and it can be things that some people don't believe you could actually have any control over but you can So once you have your mindset down that's locked, right? So now we can move past mindset transmutation. That is the key. So I'm going to move this on out of the way.


And we have Dolores here.


Now Dolores is some random woman. She was born in 1979. I don't know why anyone still naming their child Dolores at this point, but she was born May 11th 1979 in Memphis, Tennessee at 11:16 am and this is dolores's chart.


So this is a fictitious person. I just chose some random dates and numbers and what I plugged it in and this is Dolores. Okay, so we have 1979 actually, it's the second attempt because I tried to do somebody from like 1930 and for the purpose of explaining this there were too many stelliums and it would take me too long to do whenever you see stelliums and satellidiums in a chart you do have to allow a lot for more time because you have to break down all the energies that are feeding into one source. So stallions do add time and effort. So I intentionally move that one. We do have two in here Plus.


Juno we have two in here plus Chiron and then we have two in here. That's all fine. Right? This is pretty standard. But when you seem all grouped you have to sit there and break it down and for the purpose of teaching this I just wasn't looking to do that to extend the class. I want to teach this the best I can quickly so that you can get this and you can watch it over and over again.


Angie says wow. My son is now in Taurus. I would not have known that it moves. Ah see learning something has nothing to do with the actual class. No progressions are extremely important understanding the new midheaven. For instance. If the mid Heaven shifted understanding where your moon is in progressions your moon moves, too to every two to two and a half years moves into a new sign as well. So you're constantly in a varying emotional state on top of the fact that the moon itself in transit orbiting the Earth moves quite quickly as well and is two to two and a half days in every sign. So Moon the Moon I'm gonna be teaching a moon class that moon is sometimes a little biha, but if you understand what her purpose is, then you can utilize it. So the agitation can always be transmuted.


And before I even get in here, let me talk real quick about the purpose of transmuting.


We've already done classes one through four. So I'm not going back to teach you any of the basics any of the energy what the aspects are. I'll highlight them as I teach and go and we're not gonna I'm not even going to talk about how I pull all this together. You're just gonna watch as we do it.


But the purpose of transmuting is to understand now we talked about retrogrades in another class. I'm going to which I will put out soon which is utilizing retrogrades for positive action and understanding that the the observable backwards motion, which is not real. It is only in perspective of where we are on the planet.


Creates an influx or not in flux a flux in the way the energy hits us and it works inwardly.


You can call it backwards because that's what the planets.


Visually doing but it's really a flux.


It's an inward thing. So as that planet the transits hit us. It's causing that energy to go Inward and for us to basically do reflection.


now with transmutation Whether it is retrograde planets, actually, I'll just stick on that people talk about Mercury retrogrades all the time as a Transit right in a previous class. We talked about whether what it or what it would be like in your natal chart but as transits is what we usually talk about and people talk all the time about how it's so bad Communications terrible and contracts are bad and you shouldn't sign anything and you know, your electronics are going to go crazy and communication is gonna get bad. You're gonna argue.


First thing is all of that is all dependent on what sign it's in what house it's it's a transiting what other planets are being aspected.


So people generalize Mercury retrograde based off of perceived Notions of what may have happened to them or someone they know in the past because of aspects that they were unaware of Matt retrogrades are not bad retrogrades are really good actually because they help restore you and change course when you could be, you know, hitting an iceberg helps you move around.


transmuting the energy is to say there's a retrograde happening. I'm using it for this purpose, but there's a retrograde happening over my third house. So contracts that have to do a communication. Let's say I'm buying a car the third house has to do with buying a car and I look to see how it's aspecting Venus and whatnot. And I realize that there's going to be something wrong with the contract. There's gonna be something I have to rethink or renegotiate that has to do with buying this car.


And I shouldn't sign the contract but the difference is I shouldn't sign that contract the way that it is not I shouldn't sign any contract right because I now know that the retrograde is hitting and this is transmutation. It's because I know it's there. I know what it means and because I know what it means.


I know what it could mean and this is what transmutation is.


What does it mean? How will it play out?


The way it plays out is always default. We know that it will play out in its lowest vibration unless you have a bunch of other people who also know astrology who are changing the energies. It's still within the confines of whatever that energy means, but it could play out in a higher vibration if somebody else knows, but at this point of time not many people know how to transmute energy, so It plays out in its lowest vibrational setting so, you know, what's going to happen, you know, there's going to be something wrong. And if you look at all the aspects at the time of what's going on, you can figure out exactly what it has to do with. Is it something mechanical? Is it something with the car? Is it something to do with the salesperson? Is this something to do with the price? Is it something you can look? Is it the insurance is it the add-ons is it what is it and you can figure that out now that I know?


I'm armed. This is knowledge.


I can go in there and on my volition.


Renegotiate this contract knowing it needs to be renegotiated. Anyway, I can't move forward.


So now I have to make the changes and based off of all the transits and aspects that are happening at the moment.


I know what I need to do. That is what transmutation is to transmute the energies meaning to take what was going to happen and make it be something I want to happen within the confines of those Energies.


And that is the key to everything we're doing here with the time to manifest and then the whole transits part is the timing the Divine timing we're gonna get to that towards the end. I'm going to spend a little bit of time on transmutation. I'm gonna let you guys ask some questions and then we're just going to kind of, you know, make our way through this so How do the energies play out and why now? I'm gonna hold off on transits, even though I use that in the example because that's more about Divine timing. I'm going to use natal energies. I'm gonna see how does this stuff play out specifically here, right? I'm gonna start with money because money money and love are the two main topics everyone wants to know because they they revolve their entire life around these two things even though They are not everything they are literally two twelfths one sixth of your life those two things.


And that's only if you give one thing to each house, it's so much and people put so much stock in relationships and so much stocking money. And yes partnership is wonderful your energy may actually support or promote that money is needed and necessary.


Not everybody wants to be a billionaire. Not everybody wants to be partnered.


And we have to respect that when you're doing readings as well by staying objective, but this is all about how do my energy sit in my chart. How does it normally play out? And I know that because of the lowest vibrational setting and how can it play out? What do all these energies mean? And what are the different things based off a brainstorming because that's basically what you're doing when you're transmuting energy instead of saying I need to force the energy to do this you say here's what's going to happen. Here's the energies. Here's like a ballpark of what I would like to happen and then you dive into the energy into the glyphs into the aspects and everything that's sitting here and say How can I change this to do something different?


How can I use it myself and using the energies is not something you need to like teach yourself or focus on you can literally just if it's Mars you can literally act or react or do if it is Saturn you can focus if it is Neptune you can dream or be creative. If it is the sun you can harness that confidence. You can use those powers for yourself. If it is Pluto you can have that inner understanding and that transmuting and fixational something kind of like Uranus where you can say, this is what it is. This is how I want to change it.


And we want to use the energies differently some of them. We don't some of them were like, you know, what leave that alone because that's great. But over here, there's one thing and that's a big thing too is sometimes the energy is all play out nicely except one or two things and you're like, I just need to change these two things so that they don't play out poorly and they play out in my benefit and I want to also to make this point here is that energy is cannot manifest two different ways at the same time, which means if you are using the energy, it can't do something else because you are telling the energy at what vibration to resonate at.


Angie says I like those keywords for each plant out.


Nice.


That was just randomly. None of this is scripted.


Awesome, that is the embodiment and I've actually thought about like some of the stuff I've taught in these classes that this crash course. I mean, it's a crash course, so I need to kind of go into detail a bit more for some of these but I think I'm gonna do that more for the planets and the signs and the houses. I think I may actually expand upon that because there's a lot that I wasn't able to say even in a two and a half hour class that has to do with that and how I actually use these energies which will be super helpful for this class as well.


But here we are we have dolores's we're only going to fixate on transmutation right now. Again, Divine timing will come soon.


And I have all of this energy here now.


I'm not going to do an angel chart here, but I know a couple of things so I know that Dolores is a Leo Rising so I know kind of what she looks like. I know that the hair is something to look at whether it's poofy curly big small.


They're not there. Whatever. That's something that I'll have to look at.


I know that she goes through Stark Transformations when she is feeling a certain way or if she needs to present herself in public that she transforms. How do I know that I know that because Leo Rising the ruler is the sun and the Sun is opposite.


Uranus in Scorpio now a couple of things you can do with this right one is I know that that's kind of how it goes. But I also know that she can go through like huge transformations.


Based off of this and bring in the the 12th house ruler is cancer, which is the moon over here, which is in here as well. So if this person knowing that let's just say because Leo is film and entertainment. It's not film as much as it's entertainment stage, you know things that are fun Recreation Sports and whatnot.


I know that this person when they if they were to go on film and kind of do that that they their hair would be a significant contributor of each character that they would play right? So that's the the information of how it can play out. And I know that that this person needs to have input there's a subconscious attachment to the changes here and they have to have input because the Moon is attached here. So what if I needed what if I am?


How did you get that from the 12th house?


I have to backtrack a minute.


First house was Leo the rulers the sun that's in the tenth House of public in Taurus, which is the Arts.


I'm ignoring Chiron for a second. The sun is opposite Uranus Uranus is conjunct. The Moon.


The Moon is the ruler of the twelfth house the 12th house rules film.


The sun Leo, which is The Sun Also rules entertainment. So I'm just combining these.


With this opposition here, and this is an opposition.


So this person does not do this normally unless they need to bring in that 12th house energy.


So what if Hair from one film from 12. Yes. So what if I need this person to be in their natural state.


To or what? If not me, let's say it's them let's say they want to take a role but they can't go through a transformation the role actually calls for them as they look the way they normally look how would they do that?


Well, there's an insecurity that has to do with their hair and their presence also, you know being in groups and where's Virgo and you know the the money that's that's the value and the value could be also attached to Public Image.


So this person wants a strong Public Image they want strong appearance and they are very self-conscious and insecure about it and they have their own self worth. It issues that came from the father.


And perhaps the father didn't have much money and that, you know resonated heavily and that drives this person forward but now they're taking a role. Let's say It's Entertainment film and they want to use like I said, they're exact thing. Well, they have to use the energy that they have here. Now Chiron here is insecurity. And if they do not use this transformation and they don't use all this energy here Chiron will naturally show itself that insecurity will come out they were either not take the role or push against the role.


Or they will show up and when they do it the insecurity will highlight and they will likely not get the job unless that's what the role calls for like an insecure person, right? So in order to transmute the energies and not have it be here you have to look at what each of these means so we know that we have the chart ruler. We know we have the sun sun is Vitality. It's children. It's what not. So this person can do a role that has to do with art that has to do with money. It has to do with Finance. Maybe there's things there and how they can fix it. So that role even if the role itself has nothing to do with Let's say it's a Capital One commercial.


Right, and it's like credit repair.


Right. So this would make sense. She'd take this role and she would fixate she would focus in on the fact that you're fixing people's money. You're fixing people's money.


You're fixing people's money and then for the time being because it is in opposition. We're gonna let go of this side of the opposition or we're going to balance in here. I'm going to make friends with the women that are there.


And I'm going to use that to kind of hold on to it. Now. That's easy since we already have credit repair as a part of it. But let's say It's a pasta commercial.


It's like Ragu or something like that. Well, that was random, but Taurus does rule food.


So what do we have to do in order to do this? Well We have to realize that mercury. I swear I pick this randomly Mercury right here the sitting there rules communication that's good for you know talking speaking public, whatever.


We have to realize that it will siblings cousins coworkers and that it also rules sales.


Right so we may have to set up a scenario in our head that we have to help.


The 10th house the company.


sell this through our performance and an act like the you know with a fake family.


And maybe that's an option is that they can have a fake family and then there they will make either they'll you know, try to make deep bonds with them or try to find out something secret about the other person to kind of help their character and that will help them here kind of pull all this together because they're using Taurus instead of money instead of What Not they're using it as food. They're like, okay, it's food. It's a commercial for Food they'll probably be drawn to it anyway, but the Chiron you don't want the insecurity. So you have to use the healing.


And that's what all transmutation is about is. I know that if I go somewhere and I'm out in public Chiron is going to impact me in a very negative way.


I have astrology is perception. It's perspective.


I have to use this and develop the scenario in my head and even tell myself even speak it out loud, right? Because it's Public Image. I am selling Ragu because you can't Maybe not too much ego but the sun is ego.


And if you use the sun's positive traits which are humor and joking and you know, all the entertainment you can you can come across as someone who is like I am your sales rep. I am the one who's going to fix your brand. I'm going to make sure everybody buys this blah and you're gonna harp on the focus on the Chiron here.


So you're using all of this energy here and and pulling it all together.


as opposed to how it would have normally played out, which is I show up in my stage fright shows in Stage fright cannot be a part of it. If you want to nail this if you want to get this audition, if you want to get this roll if it's film based.


How did you get?


not fake well Make friends, even if they're not so in the film industry when you show up on set there are.


People there you can make friends Uranus rules friendship.


So since the sun is opposite you want to bring this together. You want to balance this here?


So you want to balance you want to bring in family and friends, you can bring these two energies here and be like the friends are extended family and it's someone else's family and you can play that role and you can bring that in that would be the best way to do it if you're solo.


If you're doing this role in your solo there is no fake family here. Then what you'll end up having to do is using this energy in a different way. So I would have to use fourth house.


Scorpio either a very deep embedded memory of your memory or thought of your family that no one else knows something very secret deep in your psychology or the easier way is to use someone else's fent because Scorpio is other people's stuff. It's the fourth house, which is family or homes. Use other people's stuff in something that was happen randomly.


And just think of that and use that.


That would be the best way to do it or picture a future.


Picture a future like someone else's family in the future because you're using this and I know some of the sounds like erratic and out of base or whatnot, but I promise you it works. It's like It's like a distorted affirmations, right affirmations are set things that you focus on so that you can achieve the things that you want with astrology.


These energies are present and these energies play out a certain way. You do not want this often on again based off of your fears because this is stage fright.


This could be stage fright, like deep stage fright.


You don't want this to play out in order to overcome it you have to use that energy in a different way.


Oh awesome, not erratic. The way you explain. It's really helpful, especially in Breakdown. I'm glad let me know if you guys are following. Please keep commenting because this is an interesting topic and to be honest. I wasn't really sure how I want to approach this to me. It comes very naturally because I've been doing this for years, but this is actually the first time I've fully explained.


How to use energies in your favor to manifest the things that you want. So it's exciting for me that I'm get I get to teach this to you. But at the same time I use it all day long, but I don't actually get to kind of, you know use it too much.


So that's one scenario. So I want to open up to you guys real quick that are in the live class here.


And you can pick any topic.


Or this is a real test for me, by the way, because this is a random person. You can pick any topic and you can say, you know this person they want to do this with their life.


So I'll like I said, I'll open up to you guys just choose something. It can be loved it can be money. It could be career. It can be.


It can be anything and then I will show you with this chart.


How they could attain the thing that you're looking for or if they can't attain that how they can attain something that does align with their energies.


This person wants to travel perfect. Well the beautiful thing with this is that their their ninth house ruler is in the ninth house. So this is a this is a good instantly an easy one, but there's a good start here. This person has the opportunity to travel once to travel and enjoys traveling for the sake of doing so now here's the key is there is both Aries Mars, which is the ruler here and Venus and Juno here. Now, if you think about what these energies actually signify that means there's a solo type of energy in here and a couples Partners type of energy here. So I've got conflicting energy.


So this is actually a really good example because from the base, it's like okay, they travel they want to travel and they travel for the sake of traveling which is great when they want to travel they do it, but then we have this partnership and we have the Vesta that's in there as well. Which is that spark of life here.


First thing we always do is we go in we see what what would normally happen here. Well, the first thing is they likely travel with partners and they like to explore brand new places, right? Because we have two indications here.


Usually someone that they're really really close to or somebody that is a romantic partner of sorts and they like to do it in luxury.


So they probably like to go first class. Like if they especially if they've never done first class before they like to do first class if they've never there's a sense of adventure here, so maybe it's like they want to travel and skydive with this Aries Mars energy here over Hawaii or something along those lines, right? We also have mercury in the 10th house at one degree, which means that spilling over with the rest of this into the ninth house. So Authority Public Image, they like to be seen they like to be out. They're not trying to go to a hotel into some hidden Place nature is very important to where they go. So Hawaii again lines up with it, but they want to be there. So Honolulu, you know as opposed to like one of the smaller islands and again nature as well.


Chirons there. I'm going to ignore Chiron for the sake of this. I'm just gonna keep keep it moving. Keep it moving. So we have the the ruler of the ninth house here. We know that it's at 26 degrees Lilith. This is interesting a trying with Lilith Lilith. Is that raw sexual power that raw and Aries is also Sex as well. So this person could enjoy getting a little Freaky Deaky out there when they go vacation like they like to do it as a romantic kind of gesture adventure and romance would be a huge part of this and they really want to do something where they can have a lot of fun have a lot of entertainment and that entertainment again is out there. They like to eat good food, but they do have to be careful with this Chiron, which I said I was gonna ignore but they have to be careful with this Chiron that they do not eat the wrong things because they could have like structural issues when it comes to food and whatnot. They could have reactions. They just have to make sure that they are good with that.


I also have 26 to 19 doesn't really count 18 to 20 note. Nothing to worry about there 29. So we have a square to the part of Fortune. So they probably like to spend a lot of money which means they in order to vacation. They now this is actually really good to understand so they like to vacation places and they like to live in luxury and kind of do things like that but we have a square here between Mars and the part of Fortune and then we have a a sex tile.


Um here to polish now.


We also have Juno at 28 degrees, which means when you combine these two it has to do with requiring both people to have money and work for it to be able to do that now if they're smart then they'll take This energy and they will know they'll take it further into Saturn in their second house. We have the North Node there. So this won't be easy at first but they'll take this energy and that will tie back into their career and they will position themselves in a in a place of in a place of power in a lead role or something along those lines where they're able to make the type of money. They want either they're an entrepreneur or they are they work with their partner or they do something along those lines.


And they build something right? That's the best way for this person to do it and that's part of the transmuting because there's the conflict here between these two energies here and the part of Fortune which means it's expensive. It's a lot of money for them to go and their work may not pay enough. So in order to change this career and that square, they either need to put in more hours which some people do or they need to develop a career that will support, you know, the different things that they want to do that has some element of service involved.


So that's how you handle that square that I did that really quickly but that's transmuting that energy it's use that square to build.


Realize that this doesn't have to be a problem if they don't transmute the energy.


Then this means they always want to they constantly want to and they try their darndest to go travel and do it, but they have to make compromises because of the square and they probably don't have this could end up turning into because of this Square arguments. That's how it would normally play out is Mars squaring the part of Fortune could be that they argue with their partner over money.


When it has to do a traveling, how do I not argue with my partner over money? I make more money.


And then we take that steps further and we say how do we make more money now? It becomes a travel question into a career question.


Now some people may say I'm happy at my job. I don't want a different job.


Than you have to come to compromise here with the things that you want to do in the things your partner wants to do.


And play it out that way and you have to let your partner you will let your partner in but you have to let your partner in for the strategy and let them decide some of the things and your partner is likely going to want to do things.


Like on a whim and kind of like change Pace. Whereas you if you Dolores here because mercury in Taurus is in the tenth house, which is the ruler of Virgo and also Gemini is over here in the ninth house. This person may want to plan a bit more. So it's like there's a lot of spontaneity but there's a little bit of planning. So there's going to be compromised that needs to happen with this as well. So to travel they can do it but to be able to do it. This is where they transmute the energy. I don't want to fight with my partner. I don't want to not be able to go because everything is too expensive. So, how can I do this?


Well, me and my partner should start a business something online something.


Where we're uncovering something using other people's assets because the Moon is here.


Pluto is in Libra. It's in the third house. It's sales. We're selling something publicly or selling something through communication. And then that Venus is back up here something that's either cultural something that we learned something that has to do with I said cultural learning.


Or something that's like publishing right? So this could be that they write could be that they write self-help books.


Because we took that here.


Or even you know cultural recipes and stuff like that. There's a lot of things because culture is a huge part of this person right here. Anyway Jupiter only ascendant.


So, like I said, we're all pulling it all together and then we would also look at the partners chart to see what they have going on so that we can transmute that energy here.


So that's the traveling question. And that's a good example of how one question can actually lead to another area of life that we have to amend because of the squares here and this strategy here, especially with an online business strategy that has to do with either nurturing or things that are home and you could actually be online home sales as well.


Especially ones that are far removed or remote or ones that are harder to sell they could end up doing that as well.


That was really cool. I got 85 to 90% of that. Awesome. Well, that's that's good. That's good. So it you know, you link everything again again, you use all the all the techniques.


And the information from the previous classes to do this because we know how to read the chart now. We want to we want to use it in a different way. We know that Mars means a bunch of things. It means action. It means passion. It means drive. It means the physical body.


It means Adventure. It means pioneering. It means the boss. It means Brash and reactionary. It also means anger.


Right. So we have this whole roster of terms that each one of these planets means and really what you're doing is you're almost doing an ad libs kind of thing or a Like this chart like I fill in this I want this here's the planet that I have to work with and here's all my words. I Circle the one I want and then I go to the other planets involved in this circle and then, you know, I deal with the aspects and that's what you're what I'm doing in my head when I'm saying. Oh you can manifest you can do this you can do this.


We talked also a little bit about this person starting their own business because seventh house even though people fight me on this. I don't know why seventh house is libra-driven Libra is relationships, but is also legal matters and seventh house is also partnership. Well, what's a legal partnership right? It's you in the government.


Forming a contract creates your business and that's why the seventh house rules your business. So you can use this same energy here which we kind of did in that in that travel reading to say, how can we start our own business to do something on our own which can also lead us into career and money which is a different question, but it kind of coattails or pigeon to when is it code dovetails? I think that's the word off of the last thing Taylor says I see that Pluto sex tiles.


Neptune sure does so yeah you would take all this and you would bring this back in here so vacation stuff vacation rentals would also be another thing for sales if it's real estate.


Does that mean this person can choose?


To communicate in a certain way to help with their stage presence. Okay. So back to film when we go here the rulership of all this stage presence their power is within their communication, especially when they're in dialogue right anything. That's like I'm here or If the person's doing a monologue, and I'm going to answer the full question, but someone's doing a monologue.


And we have Libra energy. Then we have to get artsy with it. We have to use the art side of Libra here and kind of create this like Poetic delivery and that will alleviate some of the issues that they could come with Stage presence here. Now again, like you said, there's a sextile here which brings in this energy from the fifth house. Now all of this fifth house energy here is A fantasy it's fantasy storytelling as something that is fun. And because it is it's rulers in the first house. This also brings me back to somebody who would be inclined to be an actor or somebody involved in film.


They could even be a director.


Because the 12th house ruler is part of this as well.


So we kind of pull all this energy together in Pluto sex tile Neptune is going to bring in that ability to tap into that creative flavor that the Neptune is like comes from God right comes from the universe comes to God, you're a conduit everything that Neptune has to do with has nothing to do with you on a tangible level is everything that's illusionaries everything that's intangible.


so Pluto and Neptune sextile each other you have the ability to tap into that energy to pull in again everything just flowing through you. So if this person surrenders, right we're talking about stage fright, we're talking about communication if they surrender into the art and the creative expression of it. It'll alleviate this as well and they have to choose to do that because a sextile is a choice. It's not automatic but it is linked and it is there for them. So if they do that, yes, they can do that to help with their stage presence and because it's Jupiter they're already in a predisposition to be Larger than Life. They're a Leo rising and a Jupiter in the first House Jupiter has Neptune in it. This is a huge stage performer.


It's could be film. It could also be theater this person might actually Excel because especially with this here things changing all the time and the Moon being here in Scorpio. This person could be a theater person as opposed to a film person with this type of energy all here and they're communication their power comes from their their voice. They can manipulate from their voice. They can draw that because it's connected to the communication. They can really, you know, bring deep down and like project it'd be something that they could easily do 16 over here to 22 just a little too wide so There's no opposition here, but they can actually, you know have that power and then they can tap into this like just amazing creative performance. So yes that answer to that question is yes.


If we were to look at dolores's relationships.


delirious her seventh house ruler Is conjunct the moon opposing the sun in the tenth house, correct? I see that as the relationships may have the tendency to be public.


But there may be some fears about it being public because it may change the emotional connection. This is my deepest shot at interpretation so far. That's really good. That's really good. We have to add to that but that's a good basis. There's a connection here with Uranus. So without looking at the fact that that's the seventh house there has to be in a very deep emotional bond.


Here Scorpio, very deep emotional bond as a friend.


That allows for emotional Independence and freedom within their relationship and there's a strategy that comes along with that that is likely tied to their professional career.


So the things that you see Are chosen sometimes not always because of urine is sometimes things slip out, but they can choose to to just show the tenth house just hide away in the fourth house or they can blend it together which will be the natural thing to do here to heal their Public Image. So that's the transmuting part is there their relationships may have actually caused them pain when it comes to you know, PR there Public Image their reputation things of that nature.


They would have to strategize with their partner.


To take their friendship and take the eradicism that may happen in their home life and balance that out with the image. They portray out here as you know, especially when it comes to Value it comes to the you know, especially her because of the Womanhood and it comes to the Arts and anything like that and make sure that that they what they say.


It communicates in a way that is healing that is making them look good and that they help other people in the same Arena because you want to use chiron's energy to help others.


Wow, good job, girl. I know right?


Or they chosen big wait, are they chosen? Because it's an opposition. Are they chosen?


I'm so proud of myself. Yay. Are they chosen because it's in opposition you have to You have to clarify that.


Because I'm not sure what that means.


Oh choosing. Sorry. I got excited. Are they choosing because it's an opposition oppositions allow you to choose it's kind of like sex tiles. The difference is that in opposition has consequences so you cannot remain on one set of energy.


You are always tend to bring your home your work life home your home life to work finding that balance that allows you to kind of keep things secret that you don't want to get out versus what you want to put out as the type of like nurturing, you know, down-to-earth couple that is something that you would have to transmute you'd have to intentionally do that because like I said, the energies will play out in their lowest vibrational state which means this eradicism and these fears and the things that go on at home. That could be taboo. Like you always go there first because that's usually what ends up happening like taboo Secrets cheating all that kind of stuff if you want that to stay.


Wrapped under wraps. If it does happen. Then you have to balance out, you know all of this and you have to say you have to use the energy you have to say. No, we have a deep bond and like not in a lying sense.


You have to use it in a in you know with Integrity in that type of sense here, but you have to balance that out here because you don't want or you can use it in a different way. You can say hey, we're not perfect right? That's what I would do if this or my energy, we're not perfect. We're not the staple people here.


We live our life we do what we want to do. We do it in our own way. And yeah, we have these issues. We work through it. We're balanced. We have our home life here and we are healing and we are exp. We are expressing this and sharing our experience with this especially with this Square. I would use that to use the energy as opposed to a being a problem that that brings you down use that as motivation as You know as part of who you are is to embrace that in even in the public and the public will because of the square some people will obviously try to make this a bigger thing than it really is because every little thing will get out and cause agitation here, but if you use it, you control the narrative and there's your power here through communication communication with others, especially when it comes to the ninth house energies and sex, right? So if it's sex related and there's cheating or whatnot and you use that you say hey this stuff happened we still love each other. There's still Venus and whatnot over here. You know, we're mending it. We are working on it. That's actually better for this person then not doing that.


So, how can Angie asks how can Dolores use the power of Pluto as opposed to chaos in this chart? Well that was part of it. So what I just said is that they're they're actually harnessing that communication when it comes to how they speak with the public and how they kind of put their image and their identity out. They actually connect to their identity and know who they are and identify with this home. So Pluto is is all the things that Pluto is but it's also the ruler in this case of the fourth house. So everything that's going on with the fourth house the opposition and then because mercury in the 10th is squaring off with Jupiter which is the ruler is the Sun and that's part of the opposition this whole thing is like this is an interesting person somebody who would be in the tabloids. Probably pretty consistently even though they might not want to but this type of energy here Pluto at 16 degrees is not really affecting much of anything aside from an agitation here. So that's really good to know too is that we have a sex tile between Pluto and Neptune which we've talked about and using that power to construct a narrative especially when it comes to entertainment. It comes to their happiness and how they can control the communication with their partner and their and the public to bring in their own happiness or their utopian, like what they would want to feel happy here.


And that's all connected to the first house as well.


And then the agitation that goes to the moon and Uranus right Pluto and Uranus. Yeah. So the agitation that comes to this conjunction and then over we have to work backwards. So we have to say what is it over here? Because this is connected to the first house with Jupiter in the ascendant here. How can I and this is just in the sense of communication with career right that the lens we have to look through everything through a lot lens. So romance will be a different lens because the fifth house is also that but we would have to say in order to appease this what do we have to do with this to a piece this how is this going to make this happy because although in it's normal state is going to be the lack of Romance. I'm gonna bring that in but the lack of romance could be an agitation to the friendship which is being portrayed in the public and then this person has to have a deep conversation that involves intimacy dealing with all this But they may not enjoy the intimacy with their partner because it opposes their work life and whatnot. So in order to bring all of this together, they have to say Okay for the fifth house and work backwards for the fifth house. I have to go into this opposition. So we resolved the opposition. We know the work-life balance. We know the pr we know the healing that needs to be done and we look here. What is my utopian dream? What are all the Illusions? I don't want to work with illusion. I want to know it's there but I don't want to work with it. It's a low vibration. So instead of Illusions. I want Utopia. I want you know, you know positive things going on more of a spiritual Essence. So how can I have a spiritual Essence within my romance assuming that that's what we're talking about as opposed to Career spiritual Essence in My Romance. How do I make that happen through this?


All right. So in order to bring this this together, we have to say, you know, we have to develop this like cultural spiritual or potentially religious type of romance like this connection here that is going to lead to this friendship and this deep bomb which is going to lead to your identity and that's all going to be kind of move forward. And then once we work backwards to get back to Pluto then we Embrace this as our identity and we say I control this through my communication with my partner. So this person Dolores unless the partner has the same type of setup most likely Dolores is actually in control of the perception of the love life and the romance and the things that are done and you know how that affects their relationship she actually chooses if she's transmuting the energy what her ideal romantic setup is here.


And then she's merging it back in with their work-life balance their career and everything like that to get what she wants out of that and then she's because it's also the ruler the agitation to the ruler we've resolved this well by saying, okay. Now this is how I'm going to communicate to get what I want to make sure that we keep it all in line and she has the power the thing is it's not Authority it's power. She has the magnetism and the ability to manipulate through communication to her partner into others.


So she is in control of this relationship.


But she has to know it if she doesn't feel in control of the relationship. She doesn't feel the power.


It becomes chaos, and then she ends up with this rage as part of her identity here that can come and go because it's in the urine a second it can come and go in a whim.


And she can just have these outbursts and then those outbursts create the agitation that ends up getting spread up and then kills the romance.


I said that weird but kills the romance in the in the in the relationship. So to avoid that happening we transmute the energy.


This is what I want.


You know, I got these three they're all connected. And the last one is connected to me as a person. So I have to know what it is. I want here and I don't have much else to work with in terms of what is connected.


I will say though that all of this I for the sake of something told me intuitively before I hit record and like Came live on this call here.


to pull up Pharma you see Fama up here in the Eighth House in Pisces.


It's interesting because everything we've talked about here involves.


You know the home life in the the secrets in the potential cheating in the taboo lifestyle in the potential alternative type of relationship that this person has and there's a strategy behind it. Like it's it's meant to boost the career and they're using it and they're using these slight agitations in their favor. And what's interesting to me. Is that Fama at 17 degrees, which is the asteroid of Fame.


Since we're talking about a person who and again I swear to you. I just randomly picked these numbers and created Dolores. I have no idea if this could be a person or whatever but It is squaring against Neptune. So it's squaring against its ruler in Sagittarius. So this actually creates a publicized image of the secrets, right? This literally is a tabloid person. They are known for you know, anything that's film Secrets anything that is taboo. That is like kind of dramatized. They are known for those things and then the sun creates a sex tile and it helps it actually helps or can help because the sex tile the Public Image that they want to portray as a woman because women Taurus rules women.


and then that all spills back into the ninth house again of being publicized travel internationally known and sex is actually sex and like like I mean you could look at the spiritual and go to a cult but sex and like You know that that the word emojis pop into my head but like that more like risque that's a better word kind of like sex appeal and that magnetism could really boost this person's career up there.


As long as they are using Chiron effectively it can damage this person's career. If they don't lean into it and realize they could be helping other women who feel the same way who don't want to give up their identity and their individuality because this person's individual individuality is based off of having their own private life be their private life and be secret, right so they need to control that chaos.


Is very deep interesting reading we've gotten into here.


So do you I hope that was clear that you can see how I was saying how it probably would play out. But what they would have to do to make it play out in the way that they want it to play out.


And we do have Saturn here which is hard work and you know daily work here and whatnot that has to do with how they make their their money. And that is all tied into their career and their public Persona. Again. Chiron has to be used would I say before Chiron Moon Neptune Pluto sun and the Sun is extremely important. The sun is your happiness and vitality and this one balances out between here. This person is very prone potentially prone to feeling like an outsider, right? So this person This person here because of son opposite this conjunction here can feel like they they don't belong in society and that they want to seclude in.


Basically hide away from the rest of society here because of this opposition.


At the same time, you know, they may feel like sometimes they have friends. Sometimes they don't oppositions kind of teeter-taught or sometimes.


So in order for this person, they also are a rebel they are a natural Rebel and you know their spiritual Rebel they're Revel in film. They're Rebel in anything that's 12th house related because of the moon but also their emotions they are deeply tied in To being a rebel and if they don't lean into the rebel status, they will feel like they don't belong in society. Now, you know, they can either feel like they are doing their own thing. They're unique and individual or they can feel like they don't belong in society and it can be very depressing for them. And that's why it's extremely important to understand how to transmute energy because you don't want to be depressed. We have the Sun Also Queen kunk's Neptune over here. So finding your happiness within Neptune and type things can be very difficult as well and bringing that stage performance into your public Persona in the way that you want to can also feel different.


You can feel like the what you're known for isn't doesn't really match like your spiritual Vibe or your storytelling or your creative expression.


You're known for other things.


And if you understand that Quincy can lean into it she can be known for both because it's the eighth house, but she's going to be known more for the Scorpio type stuff than the Neptune type stuff.


Where do you find Pharma on asteroid? Don't see it. Most things on Astro are codes. So when you go to should just show you.


When you go to extended chart selection and you fill out all your stuff at the bottom.


There's now you can't see it. Of course. Here's what I'll do. I'll just move this over the bottom right there is h13 which is another Lilith. It's the true Lilith as opposed to the average but asteroid four zero eight is Fama and I just know that because I use Fama a lot. There are a bunch of them. There's King. I can't remember the number for King but there's King there's a whole list of asteroids out there and each one has a significance just like the fixed stars have a significance as well.


The fixed Stars you can actually find right here. It'll load them up. There are so many of them but there are certain ones like regulus and Sirius and a few others that you can use. Each one has a definition. I will eventually do a class as well on fixed stars on asteroids on Fame because I think it's super important. Like I have Fame in my chart in a certain thing and it's playing out exactly the way that you would think it would play out based off of the energies there.


But this person here also has Fame here.


In conjunct their Uranus, so basically in spite of the things that they're trying to keep secret, it's just not going to work like they're going to be known for these things. Even though I'm sorry.


That's a trying.


This is the in conjunct so Pluto so they're they're not going to be known for No One's Gonna really know that they're the ones in control of everything that's going on so you can use in conjunctions.


In your favor, if you know how they play out, you know that this energy and this energy don't understand each other. So then therefore their compartmentalizing you can't integrate them and if you over compensate one, it will ruin the other one. So instead of overcompensating or in Pluto and trying to have that power and control over everything let things play out and manipulate as you need to and just let Fama take over in this this thing here because we've got that square. We've got that trying we've got that sex tile so if I wanted to be famous, That Fame could be hidden and it could be hidden because maybe I'm taking all of this or I'm not leaning into the square because the square creates that agitation and agitation is seen.


So I need to you know, use this right here, which creates a queen kunks here.


And your manipulating controlling behind the scenes to make sure that this is what people see if you want to be famous if you don't want to be famous then lean into this.


You know make people think that you're a freaking wreck that you have power issues that you have no control over anything and that you know, your life is you know, whatever hidden and you don't have an identity and you don't kind of put it out there and you're boring you can lean into this.


You could not have Fame if that's what you wanted. But this person is naturally famous couldn't eat could even be born into fame or just experience it in a lot in a an earlier part of their life as well.


Which is interesting?


I just realized I have the same placements as Dolores except Neptune outside of the orb of influence my Sagittarius Pluto.


Third house, but this is a Libra but yes, Sagittarius pleather semi-sexuals my cat Moon.


Fourth house all I feel I've always tried.


To find my power through using my voice and to express my emotions. But the agitation is that I feel like it doesn't come across unless it is super powerful what you need to do with this semi-sexile. That's here is you need to figure out what it is. So you have Sagittarius. I mean you have Capricorn so that that strength that you have within your emotions and that structure that you have emotional security too in that Authority. You have to look obviously to see where Saturn is but you need to see how that needs to be appeased the power and the control can't just randomly come out because it will agitate this.


You have to do this first see exactly how you want this to align and then use your power within your voice in your control and your manipulation and your your evolution of identity to favor, whatever your your moon placement and all of its aspects are so you have to work backwards in a semi-sex style because otherwise if you try to move forward, it just keeps hitting an agitation.


So in order to not hidden agitation, I need to know why it's agitated semi-sex towns are very difficult. Someone asks me not that long ago.


I don't know if I ever answered it but what my what I feel, oh they asked what are the What I was on a life what I think the most difficult placements are I don't think placements are difficult. I think aspects are difficult certain ones.


And it's not trying it's not Square. It's not even oppositions.


It's quintunk's and semi-sex tiles.


I think that those are the most difficult things to work with because it can feel like there's no way to fuse those energies together and I know that in my chart which I don't mind sharing because I've done a few times in this course and you know, I just don't care to begin with I used to they used to say don't ever share your chart because people have power over you and I'm like, no I know more about this than they do.


Um not ego speaking just tax. I had this agitation here between my North Node and my ascendant and this crushes me. I can't tell you how many times I've you know, kind of gotten into astrology and Terror and whatnot where I've got like, this is not what I want to do because it doesn't appease this and it doesn't appease this and while it actually creates the agitation with the communication online and then the opposition and the kite like mine's very complicated in whatnot, but Honestly, it really comes down to this.


In order for me to fulfill my North Node and not create an agitation to my ascendant might literal state of being I have to know what it is. I want what are the actions I want to do. How do I want to be seen? How do I want to communicate? How do I like want to do all this before I even figure and then I have to go back and say now that I know how I want to be and I've transmuted all the energies or I figured out how I want all the energies to play out. I go back to this semi sex tile and I say in order for me to be a spiritual person who helps people who does one-on-one Communication online and order for me to enjoy doing it.


It has to be on my terms regarding everything else.


And it's also film and nurturing and having a home and helping other people by having a platform for film which an independent film which is what I'm actually doing next and the agitation is how do I do it?


So I have to make that game plan to figure out how it is.


I actually want to do this in the first place.


and that's kind of that's that semi sextile.


And then obviously there's also the queen kunks because of the semi sextile and nodes are opposite my natural abilities and my workaholism has caused me to not be able to do some of the things I've wanted to do in my life and have fun and like get out and communicate because I get so hung up on work finding a way to fuse.


This has to be done in a creative fashion as well.


And for a queen kunks because again, it's in order. This is the one that needs to be addressed instead of diving into work and then you know that affecting I'm sorry instead of me doing what I want and either not being able to dive into work or getting stuck over here in work. I have to figure out what it is I even want to do and that usually was my problem this I had no idea what I even wanted to do. And then once I figured this out and how I want to structure my life structure my day because it's daily routine structure my health then I went back and I just did what I wanted to do within the confines of the queen conks.


I hope that makes sense.


That was a really tough lesson took me a long time to figure out what that even meant and how to work it.


Let me go back to Dolores.


Saturn is in my Aries.


seventh house So your fourth house rule losing assignment. That's okay, but I'm wondering why you said we have to look to Saturn specifically because your moon because if your Pluto is in Sagittarius, that means your moon unless you're mood unless your Moon's over here. I'm you didn't clarify so I assumed your moon was in the fourth house.


In Capricorn Capricorn's ruler Saturn. So we need to know the condition of Saturn everything that's going on with it so that we can understand the condition of your moon so that we can then resolve the semi sex tile.


That make sense.


And then because we know Saturn's your Saturns in Aries.


In the seventh house the seventh house which we use to resolve your moon to like gain Clarity on it. We need to know all the aspects Saturn not in this class. But then also where Mars is and how Mars's aspected because it layers in and then one thing ties to the next ties to the next and then you use all that information to resolve your identity and your evolution of identity and your midlife crisis that will eventually come up at some point when Pluto squares Pluto because for you it's going to be Pluto in your like it was for me Pluto in the third house.


Pluto transiting the sixth house and that is identity work identity health communication work.


All of that is going to go through a huge change in a crisis where you may feel like, I don't know what I'm doing.


But if you get ahead of the game, you can you'll know exactly how to do all of that.


Mars is also an area so you have Mars.


Sitting over here as well. So a lot of one-to-one relationships starting your own business a lot of your power here may come from your own business and doing your own thing. Also Mars and seventh house in areas, especially it's not the easiest placement because you can default to arguing especially when you're at home arguing with your partner, especially over domestic issues and sex so you have to have a healthy sex life. You have to work with a partner potentially work with a partner or at least you don't have to have your partner depends on where Venus and Juno are but put all your efforts into doing something on your own or working with the public or whatever and have a healthy sex life so that you can pull it all together and everything is cool beans.


So whatever is going on Saturday contributes to this semi sextile.


Yes and also Mars.


Cleared that my progress chart Angie asks has Pluto conjunct Vesta in the 10,000 Libra Venus 2nd. This is all about your own business finding power within your own business is something that either Sparks life has to do with life gives life or lights you up make you excited right now. It's all about transformation within your career to use shared resources or do something that transforms what you were doing into something that you actually really enjoy doing that makes you want to kind of get up and do it.


And then of course, look where Venus is look where what's aspecting Pluto what's aspecting Venus and whatnot and there's an element of like design an element of beauty maybe even fashion. That's all tied into that as well because Libra and Yeah, Libra is all about things that are pretty.


It's also about Partnerships. So Partnerships could be brought into it as well. Although Libra could just be used as your own business as well.


Venus's fourth house Aries. So that has to do with anything that has to do with the home selling homes putting your your effort into domestication agriculture again the sign then the sign was you said Aries.


Okay. So Aries is like pioneering doing things for yourself action using your physical body to kind of do the things that are going to light you up you physically doing things that are related to fourth house stuff.


Taylor So when you say look to your Saturn I'm guessing you also have to pick what lens you're looking at through to actually understand it to be able to transmit it. Yes lenses are like the number one thing and I do it subconsciously now when I'm looking at stuff like I know what each house means I know what each planet means annoyed each sign means and I go through the roster of everything in my head of what it means while I'm doing a reading but I pull the thing that's relevant to the topic which is the lens so if we're looking at if we're looking at a career and let's say what you're doing does not involve children, but you got fifth house energy there. Well, then I've got to remove in my head children from the lens for right now because it doesn't apply to whatever you're doing, especially if it's something like risque or whatever. I know children can't be a part of that or shouldn't be a part of it, but the inner child can be And I know romance could be a part of it speculation risk gambling Sports entertainment, like all that stuff could be a part of it and that's all fifth house stuff as well.


So you want to look at the lens that you're looking through and say okay, we're looking at it only as it pertains to this thing to be able to transmute that energy because you got to make it make sense.


Does this all do you guys get this do you get should I move on or Doesn't like all make sense.


And we went through a lot here even money here, right so we know that North Node means this person will make their own money later in life. They kind of came in it's the thing is it's Pisces energy. So it's like they may not have had much in s*** in terms of shared resources when if they get married it may come through their inlaws, you know, just for like their wedding or whatever but They really need to find a career that makes the money where they are. They're doing something that's of service reputation or not reputation repetition.


Yeah, or potentially in health. All right, that's how they would get it and they would focus on the health of their money and they would have to have a job where their abundant this person is actually set up for financial financial success. So they don't have to reach very hard but there are restrictions on money and there are systems. So if they're smart, they'll utilize daily systems here and at seven degrees There's an agitation to here. So I'd have to resolve this to get that. I'm not going to talk about that right now. Do I have anything else? I have Vesta here as an inconjunction which makes sense Virgo service.


So this is not somebody who would service other people's money. There is a trying here with Chiron.


In Taurus with the sun opposite all of this. So when it comes in this has to do with Investments, so when it comes to Investments they should.


Seek somebody who will be a good employee. So to speak who they feel is serving them as opposed to them serving because the restrictions and the limitations on their money, they should be investing especially investing in like entertain like overseas entertainment maybe overseas film overseas, you know Sports cultural things that are entertainment based or you know, children's even why am I getting that?


Jupiter oh even language based things like like some of those big companies that like teach foreign language or whatnot. There's a lot of things that they could invest in but they should do so in a way that is a long-term strategy because it is Saturn that we're talking about here. Also their career should bring the money so they have multiple things.


Remember you look at it in multiple ways. So we know that investing is one opportunity for this person in a very specific strategic way.


Which is transmuting the energy the other is using their career and their everyday here to be able to and its rulers up in the tenth house in Chiron using that to bring in their Public Image and reputation anything they put out to bring in money if they do nothing.


They may end up making money through work as they do have part of Fortune naturally here and that is luck and abundance. You don't always have to use this. But if you do you make more but Saturn in the second house can create especially at the beginning of Life hardship on money restrictions on money and with Chiron here. It's like this person in the beginning of their life could have tried to go job the job finding something that would be lucrative probably ended up in either Finance banking restaurants serving anything like that and just could not find a way to make money and do things on their own and the reason it's because the energies would be playing out default.


Everything that I said about their career is me transmuting the energies into something that's more favorable. So you when I jump on calls and I do readings with people I let them explain how it's happened. I can usually guess how it's happened because I'm reading the energies and we can see all the details but it's all about how do you take that energy and take it a step further? Like I said with the condition and the relationship that this person has with money this person's hypercritical of money as well.


So, you know, they they have a taste for luxury but can't always get luxury so they probably get knock-offs and things like that because of this opposition and the Chiron up here and whatnot. So there this is the type of person like always wanted a Louis Vuitton but ended up with a Louis vuittoni.


Right Taylor says I'm eating this shop. This is the whole point. Like I think that this is if you're following along and you're getting it, I think that this is the most exciting part of astrology. This is what I do on all my readings. This is literally the part of of my readings that I enjoy because this is what I think astrology is about I don't do natal chart readings. I don't even do sinistry readings anymore because I can do them. I'm gonna teach you guys how to do them, but I don't do them because I don't get much out of them personally because I don't think that they're very helpful. I think that you know learning you should be able to learn and teach yourself how the energies of manifested In Your Chart I can help you. I can do one-on-one if somebody really wanted to spend an hour and go through their chart I will do it, but I won't get through with an hour. I won't get through their child probably get to the fifth or sixth house and it won't be as detailed as I as I want it to be for me. It's all about this is how my life is playing out.


This is what I want to do. This is how I want it to play out. How do I make that happen?


That's where I come in. I say boom. Here's this energy. Here's what it can be. How do we now align ourselves and do it?


Center conjunct my mercury in areas in conjuncts my Chiron that's an interesting one and the Scorpio's second house. Okay.


It's like issues with insurance and debt and shared resources and stuff. That's really somebody who needs to.


I mean the occult is really good for you. But there's other things you can do and my Mars and areas and then my Pluto Moon semi-sexile. I'm starting to wonder if I'm okay.


That's the thing is nobody has a bad chart. There are more challenging charts than some other ones like some people did get the the luck of the draw, I guess with the You know and other people got the Short Straw so to speak but none of these and none of these energies are impossible to work with some people have more hardship and I just kind of chalk that up to a your childhood, but be astrologically and spiritually speaking Karma.


What did you do in your last life? I don't know. I could see kind of the energies that we reference for past life energy like Pluto Saturn some people say the South node.


The moon itself to see kind of like what you brought in, but it's all about clearing it. If you can clear some of these retrogrades and work on these things internally. You can be a very powerful person this time and skip the fuss.


Dolores says Jupiter conjuncture ascendant yields whose ruler is in Taurus 10th house getting even not kidding what she need to worry about getting fat off at Jupiter. I thought that when I pulled this up and I saw you were in my class today. I literally thought that I was like, oh my goodness. This is a getting fat off of jupiteration. Whenever Jupiter is conjunct the ascendant that you have to worry about that anyway, because it is expansion of the body. Now. This person could be a bodybuilder and could have a strict diet which this person could actually get a nice dietary routine and become very strong and very fit especially since this is all spilling into the ninth house which has Aries in here with this this person could also be a bodybuilder and could use that in their performances as well.


So that's very interesting or they could you know do that and still feel that insecurity and overcompensate with food and whatnot. They can go both ways and I'm sure through the transits that they've had their ups and downs when it comes but yes, absolutely this person could Get very big and it could because it's in the tenth house could have structural issues. Meaning teeth hair bones type issues that are related to food.


And there's more to it. But you know, that's something they'd have to worry about and conversely they can heal themselves with food because Chiron is there.


That's the beautiful thing is somebody with this type of placement hire on in Taurus in general has the ability to heal themselves with food and help other people through nutrition if they so choose and the aspects. Otherwise align but definitely definitely some of that getting fat off of Jupiter vibes.


first that feel like I should have named it. I should have named it Taylor.


but this is for this is for everybody who takes this class because we made it for a t-shirt. But this is Taylor's calling card here. This is the getting fat off of Jupiter that we're gonna be putting on the t-shirt for Mystic Rebels fashion stuff. So this is literally it though like because we talked about how Jupiter does not just mean all the good stuff in the philosophy. It's also expansion and when it's linked to your physical body and it's linked to Taurus it can mean that you overeat and you indulge and it can cause You know expansion in that way.


Funny. Yeah, it's fun.


The lowers the buff babe. Yes, Angie.


I'm laughing and crying both get fat off of Jupiter. My parent past life debt. This is my favorite class all yay.


Yeah, like I said, this is like this is the one I've been waiting to do, but you can't get to this without all the other stuff. You have to know how to read it. But once you learn how to read it y'all.


Let me pause for a second the way that I have amassed. My abundance is by doing this.


And I don't know if that's clear. But you know the house we live in the cars. We drive the money in our bank account the multiple businesses. We have understanding which businesses that align with what we need to do understanding when to start a business and when not we move a lot.


So we've considered staying here moving back and we're currently as I record this in Tampa, Florida. We're thinking about moving back to Los Angeles, California, and there's a lot that goes into it right manifestation, but also just understanding trance. It's timing energies Astro cartography pulling it all together, but we are that's what we're doing.


is we are deciding we're manifesting but by using exactly what I'm teaching you in this class is how we got the abundance that we have and I'm very thankful for stumbling basically upon astrology even though I've been Attracted to it. So to speak my entire life. It wasn't until the pandemic where I you know is a little bit before that but during that time. I had a lot of time to really just like obsess and then I developed all this and then after we moved and I had my freedom back we started you know, Doing this professionally and now here I am teaching you guys so that you guys can manifest because distribution of wealth in a healthy manner. Hell, yeah. I'm all about it an entrepreneurship as well.


So but the transits do those energies just highlight the planet's houses they pass or do you aspect each Transit? Can you add transits and Dolores and just explain one of them?


I'm going to hold off on that because I'm actually about to get into trance. It's because that is the next thing it's extremely important and I want to make sure so you will get an answer to that just not this moment do the transits affect the timing on manifesting. Yes, because the next thing we're about to talk about is divine timing and divine timing talks about focus and transits. So give me a second. I'll get into that.


Taylor who I have a lot of student loan debt That's that second house Chiron that I was talking about.


I said I mentioned debt that's shared resources debt in inheritance issues with that and taxes and whatnot. You're Gonna Want To Change that energy so that you can you can amass the wealth and pull that and then get rid of this debt. Also, there may be ways to actually consolidate or get rid of this debt in a different way based off of using your Energies.


I think during my Saturn return that may hurt unless I plan now by transmuting these energies to be more prepared. Yes queen. That is the whole point is to transmute ahead of time and try to use transits for divine time. You can transmute at any point. You're just more aligned and not fighting energy as the transits come. So I like to I transmute on a daily basis. I don't care about the transits unless they are adversely affecting me and then I don't try to transmute during that I wait and then I do it later. So you have two stages one is just naturally doing it doing it when you can those aren't event based transits create the events. But if it's something when like you're like you're you're psyche your psychology your daily habits the way you speak you can kind of do that almost at any time as long as there aren't energies you're working against to do it. So you don't need Divine timing for all manifestation Divine timing is for very specific things and it helps guide you into where to focus your energy.


So that you can do things faster quicker and just streamline it into your goals. So as Angie asked I am going to get here into The transits so let's pretend that this person Dolores is alive and she was born in 79 and this is everything that's going on. Now. I'm I'm not gonna talk about progressions. Although they are very important. That'll be a separate class where we talk about that because the stage of life she's in is important if she moved and she relocated that's also a part of manifestation. Sometimes your energies with the things that you want to do. So like maybe this place I mean her natal energies are highly supportive it maybe she wants to move.


Her energies a little bit different. So maybe she wants to throw, you know, it might be easier if we put Saturn in the third house and we put Jupiter in the second house. So maybe and I'll do this really quickly because it's not meant to be a part of this class, but I want to show this real quick because it's important to understand that maybe and we did relocation as a separate Astro cartography as a separate thing. But let's say since we're talking about stage performance that we're just looking at Los Angeles, California. And again, I'm not going to get into this because I've done this in a separate class, but for Dolores maybe she wants to move Jupiter into her second house, and I know that by her moving West I chose Memphis Tennessee is where she's born. So moving West it's going to move her chart.


Counterclockwise, right so it's going to move this stuff down here. Whoops.


And whatnot. If she moves back east or goes across overseas, it's gonna move it clockwise and I look here at our Astro cartography and I pull up and you know, she's got all this these energies here and we're not getting that deep into it. If she were to go further east there would be a Chiron on the mid head line. So if she's a Healer a nurse holistic practitioner or anything like that, I might want to look over here.


I don't use the line as the tell-all. I always look at a relocated chart because this could be something else it could sit in a different house and it could mean something a little bit different. So always look at a relocated chart, but we know that over here she has she's definitely some sort of actress or singer or something like that. She has Venus and Jupiter Crossing so we know that Luck first but Prosperity we have to look how Venus and Jupiter sit but Venus owner midheaven Jupiter's owner. I own her ascendant. So this is literally she could be very well known and and respected for the things that she does in Los Angeles.


We do have a North Node on the IC but that has zero orb of influence because this is two points. So you have to be literally pretty much on it Jupiter sending is all the way out here. It's not going to apply. I know it's too far if I go to disharmonious aspects Pluto send it I'd have to look at the relocated chart Neptune square of the mid heaven. And then if I look at harmonious, I have Chiron sex tile the ascendant going straight through Los Angeles. So again healing through the body anything that's physical so it could be dance. It could be it could be stage performance or whatever that is very healing and it heals other people as well. And then we have North Node sextile the ascendant what not. That's true cartography.


This is her relocated chart in Los Angeles for Dolores.


We have a lot going on over here chiron's in the 11th house. That's probably one of the easiest places aside from aspects that I think I've seen Chiron is that people don't even realize that it's usually problems with friends groups large, you know, organization or organizations and teams and things like that, but it it only plays out that way. So if you're a solo act or anything like that probably not a big deal, we do have the sixth house in doing this would be great. She should move from Memphis based off of the quick analyze analyzing and I would always go deeper, but she could move from here have something that is like Neptune and based for her job. So, you know, like I said film dancing music whatever and then that brings her money, so she should from Memphis go to Los Angeles and live out her career a mid heaven in Pisces. By the way. This is very similar to my energy amid heaven and Pisces and then that in the sixth house which brings the mid Heaven and the life purpose back in to Her daily job and then Mars and Venus both in.


In areas in the tenth house here like this is amazing and there is an agitation between Venus and the midheaven so she would have to figure out her, you know her Partners the people she works with her home life and where her Chiron is. So her reputation needs finesse with the things that she wants to do, but we would be able to work with all that but basically she could make a ton of ton of ton of ton a ton of money as long as she's using that Chiron properly because that ruler is in the 11th house so she has to focus on it. But yeah anyway, so that's the Loris. That's why Astro cartography so freaking important, but also reading it properly Seems like she may be less likely to give head off of Jupiter but spend more money on food diet. I pulled it off so I can't double check that. But yeah, it could be but remember that when you move your natal energy still stick with you. But so that underlying propensity is still there even in the new area, but it does create new and I didn't look at it because it's not an astro cartography class, but down here these last two lines when you're looking at aspects on astro.com or your ascendant your midheaven two of the angles. So you always look here because when your angles change it tells you if you have more conflict in a certain area. If you have more piece different energies are working together. So you'll want to check that out.


But again, that's a different class. We're gonna stick here. So I'm gonna talk about transits look at all of this right now. So right now, What is today's date March 26 2023 is the date. I'm recording this. So whenever you're watching it, this is for now not when you're seeing it here.


Let me close that real quick.


Divine timing Divine timing talks about where is the focus whenever I do readings for customers, I start with the same Planet always it doesn't matter what we're talking about. I always start with the same Planet because it is Father time and father time has to do with Divine timing has to do with where you're focus is where you're responsibility duties restrictions and all that and that is planet. Saturn Saturn is the most important in my opinion planet outside of the Moon.


But the Moon is on a daily level to understand what the restrictions are where your focus is going to be and the hardships restrictions or anything that is going to come up that is going to be significant for your long-term goals and your future Saturn.


So everyone right now has Saturn in the same spot that makes it easy when you go chart to chart. I know exactly where to look all the transit storage in the same spot for everybody. But right now for Dolores not including relocations and not including progression Saturn is going over the Eighth House.


The 8th house has to do a shared resources anything. That's Hayden taboo anything that has to do with the occult debt installments inheritances Secrets lies deception whatnot. That is all the Eighth House energy. It is in Pisces. So now we're adding that all into illusion to you know media to brain fart to dance to music to spirituality, right so Just for also a heads up kind of as a tangent.


Saturn are moving into Pisces is the reason why so many people are getting into astrology getting into taboo and spirituality in general.


And while you're seeing a lot of Born Again Christians, it's because Saturn is pulling a focus, but you're seeing a lot of people also question and want to know how spirituality is going to help them in the long term because there are restrictions on it. So some people are questioning the spirituality they have and they want to know how is that going to align with their goals? Because that's what Saturn does Saturn's all about goals.


And using it in a higher vibration its goals in a lower vibration that's restriction.


So it can be restriction all these things and naturally we'll play out things that are out of your control. You need to assume the lowest vibration always, so if you have taxes that haven't been done.


Because we're talking about Neptune's energy Pisces has not happened this will you know illusion and stuff like that and you have Saturn over here, you need to take care of the taxes that haven't been done. Otherwise, something will pop up to make you take care of it and you do not want it to be something that is debt or anything like that for this person's in the fifth house which has to do with risk, right?


So it's gonna put a restriction on debt and risk, right because it's the fifth house. So maybe this person's gotten lucky up to this point that hasn't done their taxes the Loris and not nobody's come after them nothing's happened. But as Saturn comes up, especially as Saturn in about a year year and a half ish gets to not even 19 degrees a little bit before 19 degrees. It's going to cause a square here and someone is gonna come after so if you want to not have any issues with taxes Dolores, then you want to take care of this.


I would say when Saturn hits retrograde.


Which I know is happening because it has to do with reflection and doing things from the past. I know Saturn hits retrograde in June, so, it's March 26 right now almost April in June two months from now.


You know, it's going to go retrograde and it's gonna happen. It's gonna do that and stay in Pisces until November.


So I know I've got some time before it gets to a point where it creates an agitation.


Where I can take care of this now. I also have to look here.


22 degrees I don't have to worry about the agitation because it'll hit this before it hits this.


At one degree, so I should have either already made communication with somebody who can take care of it somebody who is better with money than me.


Or Dolores in this case, right? I should have made contact here or I need to wait when it comes back but it's still within orb of influence. So Dolores should be making contact here Venus is over Chiron. You do not want to lose money over this so you have to be careful Dolores that you are getting somebody who is a value who can heal your situation and it's not going to make your situation worse. So vet them out would be the recommendation here. The north note says this is all the right time to reach out here actually the time kind of already passed what we can still use this energy. It's in the same house. The best time would have been probably a week or two ago.


But we didn't know until now so now we have to work on that and then during the retrograde is when it should be processed. You know, things should come up. It's not going to be the easiest thing. There may be other things structurally government-wise that come up that you have to deal with and whatnot. But is the best time to do it you can do it while it's not retrograde as well. If you can complete it before the retrograde otherwise just do it during the retrograde and allow that to come out. How does the North Node know it's time for this North Node is always uncomfortable. Push towards your future. It aligns you with where you're supposed to go. So you always look at the nodes the the South node brings in things from the past brings in things that are comfortable situations that you can include the north says it's time to move forward with something. This is in your best interest for your Soul's Journey.


So always pay attention to where the node is and in this case it aligns up with everything that we're talking about. It also brings up anything that has to do with children for some people not Dolores, but for some people there may be a square here and you know anything that has to do with children ones that are further away. It could bring up, you know elements of death or loss. You don't read it that way all the time but it could be once Saturn gets up here and creates a square. The moon would have to say you have to look at all the other planets to make sure that that's exactly what you're seeing but it could create that or they could just move far away and you don't see them. So maybe Dolores has some kids maybe they've stayed local and they end up around this time saying, you know what we've decided that we're going to move to London or something like that because it's overseas energy here and you know, we have grandkids.


And your unfortunately not going to see them. Hahaha. No, I'm kidding. Hopefully the relationship in their family isn't like that. Although there's this stuff going on here. So they may have that going on.


and that could be you know, something that is creates conflict here and they would have to use this transit in a positive way the square in a positive way to align their structure align their Their travel plans their vacations around seeing their children if they wanted to use in a positive way and actually build a stronger relationship with their children as a result because that's what squares do they make better?


After they show you what the conflict is.


so I'm gonna let you guys you know anyone in here choose.


You know choose something that you want them to do and then I'll tell you when the best time to do it is because you have all these planets some of these move very very slowly and you kind of have to use them as you want. Sometimes you're like, oh, well, it's not the right time now, but 10 years from now we often don't like to look that far in the future. I know I don't so I would have to understand that Neptune in Pisces has very specific connotations. And so does Uranus enters for the next two years, so I have to use this.


You know technology with money change in food, especially when it comes to structure and anything if I go out to eat in public and whatnot all of that kind of stuff here. So what if she is looking to change careers well changing career is I'll do all three of these or two of them. Maybe so change of career makes a lot of sense here because we do have Uranus over the 10th house. So there are going to be changes as Uranus gets a little bit closer to the sun. It's a slow moving Transit. So as we get within a degree or two, so 18 to 19 degrees of the sun all the way up to 2122 degrees during this time. There will be changes to the career. There will be changes whether the career itself changes or simply the This is actually a time where there could be sudden increases in public exposure in popularity because we're talking about Leo here and it going over and it the sun because that's what's being Transit transited over is the ruler of the ascendant which is conjunct Jupiter. So this person and then that has to do with here. So anything that has to do with entertainment related this is likely not going to change the career but change the reputation and we have to look at where everything else is to see if that's positive or negative, but it is going to expand this person and it could be good or it could be bad.


when it has to do with all of this and here if it's so what I would do is from here, I would say when does Uranus hit basically 19 or 20 degrees or 18 or 19 degrees? And I know that it moves slowly but Uranus goes into Gemini, I think in 20, I think it's 2026. So I'm not even gonna go too far. I'm actually gonna go a couple months and I'm gonna check it. Now this software unfortunately is like click check go back click check go back when I create software. You're just gonna be able to turn a dial and that's because that's it's ridiculous. How many times I have to click check go back now, we've already passed it.


So now I got to click check go back so we know that October. So let's check July during the two retrogrades that are happening things from the past are going to come up which are going to change.


Well, it's happening pretty quickly. Things are going to change based off of things in the past. So I have Vesta here.


We have mercury over Chiron. That's interesting. So there's communication that's either going to be healing or painful.


We have the North Node and Jupiter both over here. So it's definitely going to have something to do with for Dolores either teams Future Hope streams goals or communication that has to do with potential social media. She could blow up on social media whether it's of her own doing or not is something we'll have to look at probably not because it's Public Image.


Although it could be it could be planned Mars is over Jupiter, which is over here. It's gonna have to do with something to do with entertainment or it could be something secretive here with the Neptune and the Pluto type energies here Venus is over the 12th house.


So the value comes down to personal Affair.


So this person is reputation is gonna blow up over something that is very personal or something that is either personal at home or personal to them.


And it is going to be public and it's going to be random and likely have to do with either someone they associate with or a drastic change that they may make so if like they're changing for a role, they may end up getting like public recognition for the change of the role in a Saturn is over the eighth house during this point.


It is at you can go here and double check everything.


But Saturn is at six degrees. So Saturn it's six degrees is forming.


A queen Conquest to the ascendant. So again, this is not something that they've done. It's something or it's something that you know is probably or like I said, it's overcompensation. So it is something they have done but it's not something intentional.


To get public recognition is something that will end up doing that out of the compartmentalization of that energy.


Six degrees seven. So we also have an opposition with Saturn. So this is something where their career they're they're focuses their goals and their career oppose their career and their their goals, especially when it has to do with money, so this could be a negative thing that actually happens when it has to do with their reputation. So they have to be very cautious around this time when it comes to matters of their career.


Because something may leak some sort of communication.


A bad contract or anything like that and we can always dive way deeper in here to see what all of this has to do with but it has to do with something like online technology social media friends or anything like that could be that a friend leaked something that was very close and dear to them some sort of secret and that got out and that created this whole thing. That's what the transits are and that's how you see them. If I don't want that to happen. Then I have to make sure that my bonds are tight with my with my friends and make sure that my private light life remains private with my friends and that I'm good terms with all my friends here and that there's nothing that can get there or I can get ahead of the game and know that this is gonna happen and leak it my damn self and then use that energy.


To kind of propel myself forward and use it and put a positive spin where I'm taking something that was here. I'm putting a balance in and I'm restoring the balance between hardship restriction and whatnot. And I'm in control of that.


So changing careers if she actually wants to physically change a career now is not really the time. She should have done that, you know to two and a half years ago within that time frame.


or you know She could change careers in about a year. If she wanted to she could create use this Square this agitation here of a trying to or mid Heaven, which is conjunct her ruler if she really wants to change her career. She wants to get into something else. She I would wait until next year. I would do the planning.


So Saturn's gonna go retrograde and it's gonna come remember Saturn has an orb of influence of seven and a half degrees. Basically, you know, seven eight degrees. So I use seven and a half.


So 2929 is practically 30.


So right around 7 degrees which it's already in. So right now up through the end of the year, I would start planning for whatever this business is. It looks like she may want to end up starting her own business something in real estate something at home. Something that is could be like screenwriting could be there's a lot of things that this could be but She wants to start a business. She started now because whatever it is, she clearly doesn't know how to do it. Maybe she's been doing this her whole life. And now this new thing here could be something humanitarian. It could be something that is internet social media based, but I definitely see that it is likely something that has to do.


with communication or writing so I could be children's books. Maybe she's like, you know, I want I had a bad childhood and I didn't have anything to read and I want to start raining children's books or something. She wants to do that but it's gonna come down when Saturn gets to here. It's gonna go back I would look for when it comes into a square with Neptune and then start looking at the rest so we know that that's next year.


Based off of timing you do this enough you start realizing how far things have to go in order to kind of position yourself in the good place. So I know that 1919.


This is close to an exact Square here Could Happen a little bit before this, but let's just use this for now.


If I if I want to really align things, you know, the Mars has a four degree. It's sitting at 19 degrees.


So I'm not quite far enough. So I'm gonna move a month just to kind of see where Mars gonna go too far.


Mars wants way too far. So go back to I'm gonna go to June first.


Right. Let's make it a nice clean number just for the sake of and Mars is sitting at 24 degrees mid Heavens at 24 degrees. We have Saturn over very close to being over Fama.


We have that square to Neptune we have that as the first ruler. So if she's wants to initiate a change in career and do something different something that is healing to her something that's going to heal other people International cultural based type stuff that's going to be something she puts out for the public. It's something that she and she uses her platform her power of communication for this is around the time to do it. We would choose the day based off of the moon's placement. Whatever seems favorable.


I'm not going to do that right now. You get the point we know that they're going to be changes to her status should be potentially known for something else. We know that groups and writing and you know things on social media are favorable to be kind of pushed out there. We know that there's something family or spiritual involved here that she's gonna end up putting a lot of behind the scenes stuff going on and there could be some sort of partnership that is formed out of this with Juno coming over both the North Node in the second house and Saturn so this could be a very lucrative Venture for this person Pluto is still Go still, it must be another Pluto retrograde next year. I haven't looked that far in advance for Pluto retrograde here that's going to go over the comeback towards the part of Fortune anyway, because we're looking at June 1st 2024 so Dolores Wait a year plan everything now planned to launch next year get everything together probably have to spend time. If it is writing you have to write the stuff anyway, and then get it out there. Make sure that you are either self-published. No don't self publish because chiron's over there. So make sure you have the right people the right partnership to help you publish and that Mars return that's going on right now is going to give a lot of travel a lot of like getting out there storytelling all that kind of stuff is going to be a part of this.


So this is a beautiful time for Dolores and this is changing career. So this is doing something different now you she could change her career or she could change the amount of time she spends within her career here that change is still happening over her career. It could be that she like kind of switches between the two.


It kind of has a duality Mercury is in her tenth house. That's the ruler of Gemini as well as Virgo here so she could have multiple careers and multiple streams of income which is what I would do so she could still be well known for the first thing and then add this as a second thing.


Hope you guys followed that.


And that ties along with starting a business and then the other example and we're going to end it on this is getting married or having a kid. Well, we got to pick one of these.


So her marriage is not naturally going to bring her a child her marriage may make her a mother out of nowhere.


Which you know Naturally Speaking could be.


Right when she wants to divorce that's an interesting set of energies here. We'd have to look at the rest of this but that's what I see off the bat, but I'd have to like hone in to see if that's actually how it'll play but it'll definitely change the identity if she were to have once she gets married. It changes her Dynamic of who she is.


Where do I see divorce Pluto in Libra that whole span of time is the reason why you've seen so many the rate of divorce climbs so much is because it says Pluto says, I'm either going to transform within this relationship or because of this relationship Pluto is all about death and endings. So when it's in Libra this entire period time and people who have been born during that time are more prone to get divorced than other people.


Also anyone who has Chiron in this in the seventh and other factors, but Pluto in Libra generation, people are more prone to divorce because of this placement to begin with so with the seventh house ruler being in the fourth house in Scorpio and its ruler being in Libra and there's that Pluto and Libra it could be that the first the first relationship transforms the identity of this person and it could be to a point where they no longer like who they are within the context of the relationship or it could be somebody who fights for the relationship and it really depends on I don't see any other aspects kind of pointing to anything favorable.


I do see it now that doesn't count. So it's out of the orb of influence there.


But I do see that agitation here, which is opposite this which is the ruler the first house. So this could also this agitation when not handled properly can lead to divorce as well Pluto, especially since we're talking about Pluto and Uranus could be an Abrupt divorce that maybe took more time than it should have because of this energy here, but that's likely a divorce there.


And then the Juno in in the ninth house could mean that the second marriage is actually a better marriage more active more engaged feels more like a partnership here.


So that's how I see that.


But if she wants to get married or I'm not gonna do the kid one. I'll do the marriage thing. So we have the seventh house. We have the fifth House of romance and we have Saturn to contend with because Saturn has to do with marriages and whatnot Saturn in the eighth house. I'm gonna get rid of the future stuff and just deal with today. Saturn is in the eighth house. It's ruler is in the fifth house. And that's in Sagittarius. That's in the first house. Actually. This is an amazing time to get married for this person. Assuming that we pay attention to all the aspects to Neptune.


And also Jupiter here now Jupiter's tied in with the ascendant and it squares off with Mercury. So this could be somebody that doesn't want to wait or they don't want to have a public marriage. They want to have a more private marriage with just their family and friends there a very secretive thing. So they keep the communication secret obviously some of it's gonna get out they have to work very diligently to make sure the right people are included for it. But because Saturn's going over the 8th House of deep bonds if they are already partnered with the right person, then this could be something that they end up pushing forward with the romance and locking it in. This is definitely a period of time where they develop a deeper bond with that person, but the fifth house is weddings, not marriage itself, but sadness so you're bringing the the solidification of structure into the romance here this fairy tale romance that is here.


And then that is tied in with the first house tenth opposite, right and whatnot. Tenth house is also the structure of marriage. Now with Chiron here. There can be some issues that pop up regarding the marriage especially when it comes to any siblings potential authority figures or potentially Dolores his own father.


either not being able to make it not being there or an issue with a separation between her parents. So that would have to be resolved that balance will have to be brought back in we have to work backwards to do it. But anytime during here, I would keep it not at the square. So this is a point where I would not advise using the square because the square is more agitation for something that you want to be peaceful. I don't want a wedding to feel like I'm trying to make it work and like it's really exhilarating exciting and all the things that go wrong, right that's more for like career stuff where it's like the things that go wrong can Propel you to have a better long-term thing but a Saturn in terms of religion in terms of weddings and marriage and stuff like that is all about structure. It's all about tradition and you don't want tradition.


To be conflicting with you know political views or anything that like came up out of nowhere or anyone not showing up or anything here.


So you want you can use Saturn in the eighth house at any point. That's nowhere near this this or connected to this here. So right now with the in conjunction to Jupiter not a good time to get married up here at 19-ish degrees not a good time to get married if we look at like outside of the retrograde, so I'm just going to use this as an example.


Because I I wouldn't want a retrograde unless you're remarrying or if you were going to get married and then you've broken up and now you're thinking about getting back together with it. Like that's where you use retrogrades to kind of double check that but if there's none of that I don't know that I would use a retrograde in that way. I would just kind of rethink I would use the retrograde to rethink what I wanted the wedding to be. Where do I want to be? Who do I really want to be there? How would we make it happen? When would we make it happen? I would use the retrograde for that to kind of chisel out the things that are gonna help with the romance with the wedding itself and whatnot. So, I know that the the think around the fifth or so of this year the retrograde for Saturn ends. So I'm going to come here.


Let's see if I'm right. Yes. It's out of retrograde. It's still sitting at One-ish degree, right. So we still have this quincx here for me. I wouldn't want this here. I would want to be included. I want to feel a good part of this. So I definitely don't want it in that area. So if I move forward into 2024, so 2023, I wouldn't get married. I would just start thinking about it and kind of planning a bit of it so that we can get married at a certain time in the future now, I'm looking at April of 2024 now we're sitting at 14 degrees.


We're outside of the well, we're here Chiron. So Chiron will have to deal with we'll have to know if that's an issue. There's no agitation to Venus. So that's a positive here. We are not squaring just yet because it's not a full orb of influence this Neptune here. We are trying at this point.


The moon which is a positive thing. We are almost Queen kunk's this Pluto. So I would say a little bit before this would be a better date. So let me just go back to March because I do not want to Queen kunk's with something in Libra when we're talking about marriage. That's my personal preference. So a sextile with Chiron you handle Kyron you use that properly that's good. We have no agitation here. No agitations here. Nothing going on with either of these two planets. We do have an inconjunction to Sad, no, we don't.


It's out of the orb of influence of the in conjunction with or the opposition with Saturn rather so we don't have to worry about that.


a little bit after this So let's do the 17th of March. Let's do Saint Patty's. I think that's Saint Patty's Day, right?


So Saint Patty's Day, we are sitting here. Let's go a little bit further.


Let's go to the 25th, March 25th.


So we're sitting at well length that right.


15 16 now, I don't like that. That's an inconjunction. So a little bit before.


It's crazy. It's crazy. But you also have to realize that right if you do it before right after the marriage you can have some disagreements. So as long as you handle those appropriate, let me go back to Saint Patty's what happened.


Venus is a low degree opposite Saturn if you confuse that that's not a bad thing oppositions aren't terrible. So I'm just gonna leave that for right now.


That's a 12 degrees 10. I still want to go further back.


Full one so you can see how you like you play around with this. I am gonna settle on like a time frame in a second. I'm not gonna go too far with this. So we have this at 10.


I like that actually a little bit before I like better. So let's go to March.


7th, is that where I was before or something? I didn't like.


We're still in Sanders Moving real slow right there must be stationing a certain way.


I didn't like it.


moving that slow let's do March first.


Okay, so we have the sun we have this this is highlighting Chiron Jupiter's over Chiron assuming that this is their second marriage. This would be a great energy for them if it's the first marriage.


It'd be questionable. We are highlighting a sextile two Chiron which means we're bringing in public reputation and daddy issues and all that kind of stuff here. So if we use that in a good way where we're healing from this then that's great.


It could be a long-term. You're literally because you have to remember that all of these energies here are creating and here we go again with this whole healing aspect over the ninth house again, if it's the second marriage, this is great. All of this is opposing Pluto. So healing opposite regeneration North Node opposite here south node. This could feel like a perfect partnership here and we can grow together and heal together. So again, it's all about the context of what we're talking about. If this is the first marriage probably not I'll say, you know, wait go to another date.


The second marriage this is really good. I don't have anything aspecting.


Juno at this time, but I have Juno on the North Node and I do like that as well. This is all up here and that is conjunct Juno so that brings Juno back into North Node energies here Pluto is opposite Jupiter. So we do have to realize that this is a change a huge change within how I how Dolores this isn't my chart how Dolores is going to live her life with in Partnerships and that she has to address this change especially as it comes to romance and everything that because this energy is a link to her career how this is all going to change her Public Image and and her life moving forward potentially even children.


As it opposes this here this marriage may not bring children or there may be children already here that that are coming from a previous marriage Jupiter over Chiron. Like I said healing and this is right around the time that she's gonna end up changing things in her career. So this marriage may actually be a catalyst to what changes happen within her reputation and career. She's not no longer that solo person. She's now somebody who is a part of something else. So for me Moon Over Moon, I wouldn't choose this exact day. I would move the moon over something else that is creating not in opposition and not a conjunction to the Moon because that's kind of a depressing type of vibe and it's hard to kind of get off of that.


So I would create one where it's like maybe over maybe over here Moon's in Tradition.


And creating a trying to the North Node so maybe like two days two or three days after this but this would be how you use it to manifest the best dates because you're aligning everything that moves with the energies and then anything that has any sort of potential a little bit of conflict. You've avoided most of them. You can't always avoid everything but you're using the energies in such a way that you're like, okay, if it's healing this is great if it's pain hell, no if I haven't done the healing and this person's not good for me. This is a toxic relationship. You shouldn't be getting married anyway, but even if you've had those problems, you still think you should marry this person don't because these energy say that if that's the condition especially with this opposition here that this is bad for you and you're gonna carry this forward into your relationship. It's gonna call us a lot of pain if you're healing with this person. There's a spiritual connection and you guys have kind of like Met each other through, you know, maybe you both have gone through divorce and you kind of like bonded over relationship type stuff in your identity there. Then this is great because you can use that to push forward and gain new experiences. This is why it's important to understand. Where's the person coming from?


The person who's asking the question the quarant is going to have a history and you want to make sure you're aligning them with their history to set them up for the positive future or at least let them know the energies that are gonna happen because there's gonna be a heavy amount of Um pain and healing and whatnot that is going to be highlighted by this that's going on right now. I don't have anything going over Jupe over Mercury at this point. I don't have anything over here, which means I have nothing squaring the actual person on this day.


And like I said, I would move probably over here. I'd have to triple check everything but I probably move the moon over here into the six house in Capricorn and that would create, you know, we'd have to double check everything. But if I did like March 3rd, probably the fourth actually I did March 4th, so three four 24 if that is an option.


A little further. Mmm that might not be a bad thing either.


I like this day. I'm gonna use this day you have to use this energy specifically like you can't have any fears. You have to address any fears that you might have especially since and the communicate those fears right there and use that use that emotion. You'll feel hyper emotional and sometimes it's not a bad thing to get that out and be hyper emotional within your own wedding and whatnot. You have mercury in the same house. It's sitting at 20 that is creating. No that's sitting at 18. So nothing here 18 18, Queen kunks to this so someone might forget their vows Or not, you know have the contract ready to sign or anything like that. But like in the grand scheme of things, like I said, there's no such thing as a perfect time perfect date. You just have to deal with certain things and you want to align it the best you can so this and that creates this here.


So it may cause complications in the future that legal document here. So you just want to address this you want to make sure that somebody else has taken care of the legal document and they have their eyes when it said that this becomes healing and we can move forward in our journey and you've alleviated this queen kunk's away from you. So like I said, it's all about aligning it knowing what the energies are how you can use them and look Mars and Venus both going over the seventh house. It's ruler over here in the fourth house opposition. Like this is a really good thing and then remember that the transits become the election chart natal chart of the wedding.


So all of this energy here is the marriage so that's that's taken it to another step but we don't talk about that. This class transits become natal charts.


That's very important. I might do a video on that.


So there you go. That's not having a kid, but that is getting married.


Those are the two questions. I'll answer. I'm going to open it up for anybody for Q&amp;A if you have anything that I didn't address.


That you have any questions about let me know.


Otherwise, we're good. So we're manifesting.


We're finding Divine timing. Again. This is divine timing and I have written here just to remind that outer planets have importance for stages of life.


If you're trying to manifest something you don't want to wait forever. Then you have to understand, you know, the the nuances of the slow movement of the outer planets.


So we're talking about Jupiter Saturn or semi slow right there the the giant planets in the center, but then you have Uranus Neptune in Pluto, which move very slow.


Generational Pluto is going to be in dolores's seventh house for the next 20 years. You're in a switch is in a couple years Neptune in a couple years. I think this is 25 and this is 26 or something along those lines and it switches then we got new energies that she's going to contend with.


Um, but this is this is her energy and more importantly is once you align with these transits you move it you find the dates look March 4th 2024. This is the day I want to get married book. It strategize strategize ahead of time Dolores was supposed to be using this time to strategize for anything seventh house related to her own business and her marriage and her relationship and all that stuff. She should be strategizing so that she can set it up for next year to get married. She knows the date. She knows how everything's gonna be. She knows the energies. She knows the things that can come up. She knows the iranicism of the public and someone might show up.


To try to take pictures or something like that. She can shut that ish down if she doesn't want it or she can realize that there's something something about it that can actually help her career and her status if a little bit gets out because there is a sex tile here or if the photographer's there. She leaks it herself. She can control all of this. So the Moon is the final step guys. And as you saw I moved it because I didn't like the moon over the moon that can create a depression that can create heightened emotions and when her moon is already aspected to too many things on a wedding, I don't think that that's a good thing. So I moved her Moon over here. Yes there is that semi sex tile agitation to this, but we already know how to handle this. We handle this ahead of time and it creates It can create a beautiful thing. If she doesn't want to deal with any agitation go like a day or two over here create that Trine with sat. Yeah with Saturn over here. Excuse me.


And a trying with Chiron, so maybe that's even better is to it has to be late enough so that it's not creating a some a queen kunk's to the ascendants so that can get tricky. So you have to look at the timing of the moon but she might do a day or two later and try to line it up so that maybe the moons that like eight degrees Yeah, when the moon's 8 degrees, that's when we're getting married because that's when I want my marriage to to be official so we have to time it. So I say I do at that time. I know that sounds crazy in controlling but you know, I mean she already has that in her chart anyway, but that can literally set you up for positivity in the future because we deal with these energies and it could set up a better marriage.


Angelo when looking at transits like this doesn't matter if it's applying or separating.


Yes, and no the orbs of influence are the most important applying is stronger energy. It means that the faster planet is approaching this the slower Planet, which means the energy is a little bit more intense separating is the faster planet has already crossed over and is leaving.


and the energy is not as intense, so it doesn't really matter but you will notice and this doesn't really have to do with manifestation but transits in general when I teach my transits only class.


That applying aspects are the hardest because that faster moving planet is being blocked in some way or stonewalled by the slower moving planet and the planet in the lead takes over. So if you guys remember back to December of 2020 when it was Jupiter and Saturn that what they called the Great conjunction, some people thought it was the start of the age of Aquarius. It wasn't astrological ages are not calculated that way they're calculated only by the Earth no other planets, but All the time leading up remember that Jupiter has about an 8 degree orb of influence. The Saturn has about a seven and a half degree orb of influence. Those are the numbers I use for the averages and as they come up Jupiter reaches into Saturn and gets hit gets restricted immediately and comes up and as it applies and applies and applies. It's more and more and more friction. Even though it's a conjunction. It kind of goes both ways. It could be used if you knew how to use the energy but society as a whole and things in a grand scheme.


We're not collectively using that energy in a positive way. It's going to manifest in its normal lowest vibrational State and that's what you saw and it wasn't until the actual date of the conjunction and shortly after all the sudden all these restrictions started getting like the not all the restrictions but the release of a lot of the pressure and yeah, I mean restrictions to and like the the focus and the hardship and everything if you can remember back then when it started separating it happened and that's because Jupiter took the lead and it was Saturn was reaching into Jupiter and still creating that conjunction, but the planet and the lead matters when you're reading a chart All of this matters for this person like for instance in in her in dolores's public reputation Spotlight or issues with authority. It's always something that is said that causes an issue that affects her on a personal level. It's always this way. It's not that she is and then something happens and then she responds it's always communication first current because everything goes in order.


Right so value comes before action comes before here. So she has to find Value in somebody before she sleeps with them. Assuming. I haven't looked at like black move Black Moon Lilith or anything like that, but this is the order.


the order of your planets matters the fact that this conjunction here is applying because the Moon is faster than Uranus means that Uranus is actually the stronger plan of these two. I mean, it's generational and slower anyway, but it actually takes the lead. So this is actually of the conjunction. This is what needs to be a piece first and that that brings this into into the conjunction here into the aspect. So it doesn't matter in terms of like do they work together but it does matter of which planet is stronger of the two and when you're talking about transits if you want to align yourself with something that's easier or more.


I don't have powerful is the right word but more in your face. So if if you have the opportunity to align.


The energy is more pronounced during applying sessions.


Cool. So I hope you guys enjoyed, you know, working here and meeting Dolores and her rise to fame and her interesting relationships that she has in her crazy home life in her her potential deep bond, but yet identity conflicts that she has with her mother.


And communication as well great explanation. Thank you.


You're very welcome. Not a lot. You know, it's a good question too. By the way Angela because not a lot of people.


ever talk about applying versus separating and while the actual aspect You know applies either way pun not intended. It does matter if it's applying or separating in terms of the I almost said Effectiveness, but that's not even it just the the way that it plays out and the magnitude of the energies.


All right. So I think I'm going to end it there. Like I said the Moon the Moon the Moon Divine timing is everything but at the end of the day the Moon is the trigger.


You can set everything up but if the moon's in the wrong place, it could all not fall apart, but could not work in the right way that you want. The Moon is always the activator. So anytime any major event is that's happening anytime. The Moon is, you know, doing something you'll feel agitation or you'll feel focused or you feel you know, your attention emotionally drawn to something. It's because the moon placement and I'm gonna do a class only on moon placements the North Node the South node Lilith and then Moon transits all in one class.


Because I truly believe that the Moon is misrepresented and undervalued very important. The Moon is the trigger the Moon the Moon the Moon for divine timing, but everything else has to line up as well within the orbs of influence. So make sure you're using that ooi information as we move forward. Thank you so much guys for taking this class. I appreciate the questions the involvement the interaction and the journey with Dolores here and to close out. Let's see Taylor says, thank you so much Logan. This course was amazing and it all led up to this class, which is my favorite class. They are all awesome.


But this was also super fun to look forward to more classes. I'm glad you enjoyed this because like I said, this was the exciting class for me because this is why this is literally the why That I not ego speaking, but I think this is what separates me for most astrologers. I focus on positivity and doing stuff with your life and I focus on Divine timing and transmuting energy and mindset remember that's all this was about mindset transmutation and divine timing and this is why I think you get into astrology I think understanding yourself your energies and why you do things is great, but it's like well then what And that's where you take it to the next level. So that's what this was all about.


I'm glad you got what you got out of this Angela. Can't wait for that one. I think the Moon is so important. Yes. I cannot stress, you know in the funny thing is when I started astrology. I kind of ignored the moon a lot because I'm not the most spiritual person. I have my spirituality that I have found and I like it and I'm pragmatic practical and I kind of apply it to real life and that's the way I operate and I like it and I enjoy my spiritual side that I have found, but I'm not the woo woo type.


So in the occult spiritual industry, my wife is more into that kind of stuff which is beautiful, but it's just not my vibe and I hear so many people harping over the moon Trend that not the transits the the phases and the new moon and the full moon and you know lunar energy and Like often in such a Off the Wall kind of like tangented just doesn't make any sense type of way and I think there's some validity to the wu-woo stuff that I don't resonate with. It's just I don't resonate with it. But I do think that there's validity in some of it but then there's other people who've gone way too far with it to a point where it's like how do you practically apply that in your life? So I totally agree though when you do see how the moon aspects like for instance.


Let me leave it on this when it comes to the Moon.


a full moon You know it you know, it is a phase but it is what is it? Astrologically speaking. It is the moon opposite the Sun.


So there's a there's an opposition a teeter totter a balancing back and forth between solar and lunar energy that you have to find a way to fuse together.


And it's also reflecting at the height on to us perception wise the most light that it's going to from the sun which means that the sun is extremely important in the lunar return and are not lunar return the full moon. So when people do full moon readings and they ignore or admit I can't speak today ignore or omit the sun. Like let's say the full moon is in Taurus and they are ignoring the Sun and Scorpio.


They're missing most of the information because without the sun you wouldn't have a full moon. So you have to pay attention the fact that the moon in Taurus is reflecting Scorpio themes. I'll talk more about this when I do the full moon or the moon class, but it's so important in the new moon is not reflecting any sun's energy and that's the real reason why you can manifest because the Moon is depowered so to speak it's not Crippled but it's not reflecting all that solar energy and you can think clearly emotionally speaking not Mercury speaking, but emotionally speaking you're in a very clear space and it's conjunct with the Sun.


Which aligns you with your creativity and the things that you want to do that's what brings the manifestation on a new moon you can manifest on a full moon. If you're ready to use all that solar energy in the opposition. So I don't discount either but people don't realize what a new moon astrologically speaking is and a and a full moon and it's very important. So we will do that class and I think you guys are really enjoy that one.


And Angie, thank you so much Logan broke my brain again, but I love it and I keep practicing.


Ice hearty eyes. You will get this Angie take it one thing at a time really go through the fourth class. And in the fourth class I even show my error when I do Tony Robb the second chart I shouldn't well if you're in the fifth class Journey, no, Tony Robbins chart.


Um, very interesting energy when it comes to him and his children and his childhood. I actually read part of his childhood as his child and that's where it can get a little confusing and it's best to bounce off of somebody because his childhood was fusing him with his that what I saw for the first child, which was almost I saw it almost death, but then I missed the ascendant trying Venus I think was the aspect I missed when I was reading it. I went back and saw that I was like, oh that completely changes it one aspect.


Changes the entire thing and that's why when people ask me questions on social media, I'm like look, I can't answer that without seeing your full chart and even somebody who does hundreds of charts a month can miss stuff and I was teaching like that was out there for y'all to see but I did go back and correct it and you saw how it did play out but interesting stuff.


Taylor watching your fourth class back was funny watching you.


Dupuss yeah, not knowing that.


That I was pulling celebrities. I just thought it would be fun to do and I picked again. I picked three celebrities that I I don't know much about I know who they are. Like, I know Britney's music.


I never followed like her conservatorship or her family life. I knew she was with Justin Timberlake. I knew there was like cheating going on but I didn't really look at that kind of stuff. So I thought she was a good one to and she showed up earlier in the day like on social media and I was like, I just use her and then Tony Robbins. I was listening to something at his where he was doing some motivational speakers. I was like that he'd be interesting and then Halle Berry I chose her because my father-in-law and I were talking about John Wick 3 and we were talking about the fourth one coming out and that we thought Halle Berry did an amazing job in the third one despite the types of roles. She's played like she's had like hit or miss rolls throughout her career some amazing performances and some that's like, I don't know what you're doing that one.


So we were like really, you know.


Pleased we liked her her performance with the two dogs and whatnot in that movie. So that's how I ended up on those three and I was like, I thought I think it'd be fun if I pretended like these are just random people. So that's what you got and that was a fun class for me as well. But I really enjoyed this because this is what it's all about. And then now I can get into these other classes and courses that really hone in on a lot of this stuff. So for the people who really want to dive in deep and again, I'm I'm not really about the textbook stuff or the historian type stuff or debating back and forth with stuff that like is more of a philosophical nature.


I'm all about the practical application. So if it's something that I don't feel can be practically applied, I won't be teaching it. I'll let somebody else teach it and they can go from there. But for me if it doesn't work, it doesn't matter that's kind of like my Mantra these days. So I try to teach what you can actually use I'm glad you got stuck around for all five classes and I hope you start manifesting. Obviously.


I'm available currently for readings.


For the time being but hopefully you guys will be able to start reading it yourself reading for others. If you're trying to be an astrologer and really manifest and make this amazing life for yourself that otherwise would have felt like You know Out Of Reach Out of Touch. Now you're diving into your personal power. You're knowing your limitations and your insecurities and your inhibitions and you're saying you know what I can use this you can't fight the energy but you can use the energy that's the key to this manifestation is you cannot fight a planet the planet will win but if you know what the planet is all about, then you can work with it. You can have a little conversation with this planet like instead of being this. I want you to be this and that's how we're gonna direct this energy. That's what it's about and I'm gonna leave it on this when I was When I was 11, I started martial arts.


And I had an instructor who you know, I went around in the school I landed on was the first one I actually went to we went around we came back and the instructor talked a lot. So we were always standing with our hands behind her back at attention just listening and taking in these nuggets that I didn't realize I'd be applying as much as I did moving. So when I talk about mindset one of the Nuggets he used to give his mindset if you stick your hand in trash, you're gonna smell like garbage, too.


If you want to smell clean and you want to be clean, you can't be around trash because you will always smell like it, which is that whole mindset thing. If you don't remove toxic situations and toxic people from your life your life will be toxic. There is no if ands or buts around it. You cannot change that. You are the energy you're the company you keep all those slogans idioms and whatnot. They all apply and that was one that he used to drop all the time.


Another one for mindset that he used to teach was if somebody has a knife and they're gonna stab you and you keep thinking this now.


I'm gonna do it this way. Don't think about blue. Don't think about blue don't think about blue. What are you thinking about? Some people will say? Oh I was think about red. No you weren't you were thinking about blue because you kept saying blue blue over you kept telling yourself this and the way we translate it that for martial arts. The self-defense was if somebody has a knife and you need to disarm that person if you say don't get stabbed don't get stabbed. Don't get stabbed. Guess what's going to happen?


Instead you have to turn that mindset around and say disarm the knife take the knife disarm the knife take the knife or whatever it is you want to do and that way if you get stabbed it's a it's part of the process, but it is not the end all of what ends up happening. Your mind is set on the other thing and you have such more of an exponential.


Guarantee that you will achieve the things that you're trying to achieve and the last one that I want to leave you with is if you feel a room with red light.


Right. It's just red light you come in. You notice it you see it. It's energy. It is light. It's Prismatic or could be and it is what it is, but it doesn't hurt you. It can't you doesn't really do much other than change the visual right? And that's how energy is at a potential state right? It's not kinetic. It's potential. It's that it's dormant State. However, if you take that red light and you harness it and you focus it in on a in one spot, it becomes a beam which is a laser and lasers cut diamonds.


So your mindset is very important and taking all that energy that you have and all that potential you have and focusing it in. This is where the mindset comes in for manifestation and then you cut diamonds and you create the life that you want to by chiseling away the things that you don't want and leaving what you do.


And to answer the final question will we get our Mystic Rebels rebels Rebel Academy certificate? Yes, you will you will get one for this course.


The astrology manifestation crash course, you will get a certification on that and I call it a crash course but as you can see, this is a lot of information you can it was literally a zero to 100. I don't know much about astrology or anything about astrology and now I know how to manifest with it and if you keep going through the themes through the classes and you learn and you build and you practice I guarantee you you will start making changes in your life, which are going to be phenomenal and Beyond Your Wildest Dreams promise because no one has a bad chart and even if you haven't had money you've been in poverty. Your reputation has been bad. You can't find friendships. They're always ways.


To manifest the things that you want in life, even with Neptune Uranus Pluto in the second house. I guarantee you I could show you how to make money and to prove it.


I'm going to show you this Which is my progressed chart that is not my name. That is my name. So when you go here and oops remember, I told you progressions are very important. It's because the first 20 of my 20 years of my life. I didn't know how to manifest anything and I didn't have much in the second house, but I have Pluto right here and you can see Mars on Pluto right now in conjunction in my In my chart, you can see that there's a sextile here with with Neptune and Juno.


So my partnership with anything that say the spiritual film or anything like that is bringing me money and my focus and ability to make money Pluto is power. So either it's chaotic and a loss and I have restrictions or over time through my career. I create opportunities that bring me money and because Jupiter is there through shared resources and you know the house of sales and communication I use that to bring me money. That's how I use my energy is positively I know how to make money. I know that it has to be within these fields certain things fourth house nurturing home and all kinds of things like that. So when you're looking at your chart, that's what you're looking for so that you understand the types of energies that you have to work with how to work with them. And so that Uranus Neptune Pluto do not end up in ups and downs and volatility and illusion and disappearing of money and it ends up wealth of money.


And the method of obtaining money, I'll leave it at that. Thank you guys so much for taking this course, you will receive a certificate for this course very soon and I will talk to you guys soon very soon on the next class Vibe higher.