Welcome to the Mystic Rebels Rebel Academy.


True astrology start making money class. This is true astrology.


So whatever's going on in your chart, that's what we're using to be able to manifest the type of life that you want to live. True stands for transmuting real universal energies.


This is a system I developed.


So if you're jumping into this start making money class and you have not taken the masterclass, then you need to stop and go back and take that because if you continue on with this one and you haven't done that, you're going to be lost.


I'm going to be talking about all the principles that I teach you in those five classes, and I will refer to them constantly.


I will use them as though you already know what I'm talking about, so I'm not gonna break it down.


Make sure you've taken that before you come here. Now, the reason I'm teaching this class is because while I'm teaching it, Jupiter and the north node are conjunct. They are in TAUs right now.


Uranus is in TAUs. This is all about changing your mindset on value, changing how you look at things when it comes to money and finances.


It's also about learning. It's also about teaching. Like, this is what I'm supposed to be doing right now and this is over my mid-heaven in TAUs in the 10th house.


So I feel like this class is extremely important also, just because whether I'm doing tarot or astrology, it is the most common question that I get. How do I make my finances better?


How do I build wealth? Um, am I doomed?


Like I usually get the adverse side of this. Am I doomed?


Am I not gonna make money? Why do I always lose money?


The second house and Venus placement have to do with not money, not how much money you're gonna make, but your relationship with money.


And a lot of people get this wrong.


They think that the placement there is what it is. First off, uh, we know that the blueprint is there, but it is not a static set of energies.


You can transmute energies. Otherwise, the true astrology system wouldn't work.


We use it in our everyday life here at Mystic Rebels.


So we know that you can take this energy, align with it, and do amazing things with your life, which are going to bring you value and um, also in increase your own sense of self-worth. And then of course, your finances and money.


And there are a lot of things in the chart that signify money, although I consider this an intro class because we're only gonna be talking mainly about the Venus placement and the second house.


Uh, there's gonna be a lot of information in this class, and I will be building upon this because money again, is one of the things that I get asked whether Tara or astrology, it's always about improving finances or going off on your own or making sure that you are set. Because in this material world, this is one of the things.


It's one area of life that we need to be able to, uh, manifest the types of things that we want here. So I am going to go here to, uh, second slide. This is probably the most important thing to realize, is that although I'm gonna be focusing on Venus Tarus and the second house placements, that everything in your chart works together and you are not like anybody else. You have energies that are very specific to you.


So when you hear people doing horoscopes or doing these social media videos, realize that's not you specifically, although there may be an overtone that could apply to you if you make it work.


They do not have your chart in front of you.


They don't know all your aspects of your rulerships, they don't know the trends.


It's going to whatever planets that you have.


They don't know the qu conks or the square or the rine.


They know nothing like that in your chart. This is for you to develop the, um, the knowledge and the insight to be able to say, okay, these are the transit that's happening. This is what's in my natal chart.


I'm only gonna be talking about the natal chart in this class.


I'll be talking about transits in a separate class because it's just a lot of information and I wanna make sure that you get this down. Again, this is your relationship with money and your entire chart is a factor.


We have your ascendant here, which is how you approach life in general, which means whether we're talking about love, career, children, uh, your friends, spirituality, it all comes back to the ascendant because that point right there is the hot wire of who you are in the first house of self.


So that is always gonna be a factor, and you'll hear me touch on it every once in a while, uh, during this class.


But that's always gonna be a factor in how you navigate this world.


A couple of things that I'm not gonna be talking about in this class, but are going to be very important for other classes include your progressions and your relocations. If you have moved, you have to factor in the new area and how if you were born there, that's the area, uh, the energy's influence of that area impacting you.


And it does make changes to a lot of things. Namely, how you make money usually is greatly impacted because your mid-heaven is usually altered in some way in your progressions as we go through life.


What you do when you're 20 to make money is not gonna be the same as 30, 40, 50, 60, 70. It's always gonna change. It's always gonna be different.


You are progressing, you are evolving. Different transits are happening.


Different events in your life are gonna unfold.


You need to make sure that you're not staying static.


It's very good to understand your natal chart, but realize that as you progress and get older, a lot of these things are gonna add nuances and layers onto what you're doing.


So you may start something, you might be successful for three years.


You might hit a wall.


That wall can be overcome if you understand the energies at play.


But if you keep trying to do the same thing you've always been doing, you may be trying to work against a transit or some sort of aspect in your progressions, and that is the warning to say, Hey, you gotta make some changes in course, correct.


So the ascendant has everything to do with your actions in this world, and that includes how you make money and why your second house.


We've already talked about that.


It is the relationship with money and how you align with value.


It is your values and how you believe in your values.


So it is not just money for like the static generalized term, but more how you and relations, yeah, you and money have this, uh, bond or lack thereof. The six house has to do with your work, work environment and your daily routine.


The 10th house is your reputation and public image.


We talk about this being your career house because it themes the type of work that we do.


The sixth house and the 10th house do differ six houses where you have the authority, it's where you're seen in the present in in the workplace and how those themes apply. Whereas the sixth house has to do with the service, the type of job that you do in terms of services and the daily routine and the work environment. When you go there, what's around you?


What type of environment are you in?


The mid-heaven often aligned with the the, um, the 10th house, right?


They're used synonymously, but they're not actually synonymous.


Your 10th house does rule everything that Capricorn would rule, but the midheaven is a point that can actually float anywhere from the eighth to the 11th house. Oftentimes it's in the ninth or 11th.


Eighth is actually very rare, but I've seen it and then often, I obviously see it in the 10th house.


But this is really the opposition of your ic, the opposition of your nadier, the energy that you keep private.


And it's everything that you don't keep private and you want to put out in the world. It's the trajectory, the opposition of what you seek and how you want to be seen.


And this ends up being, um, we call it your life purpose again, cuz it opposes our private world, but it is a very personal angle point.


It it is public, yet it's very personal to us just because it opposes the extremely personal ic.


And then of course, Venus and your second house ruler. Remember, ruler ships are extremely important by directionality of ruler ships, if you have any planets. And the second house also very important.


And then of course, aspects.


This will all add additional information to color and theme everything to do with money. So it is a very complex th um, topic, but once you get into it, you'll start, you'll start seeing the themes and how they play out in your life, and then you can start aligning with them.


Another thing that I don't talk about much in this is because, um, this is more on your personal level, is business finance is the eighth house and Scorpio and Pluto.


So those are a, a different class for when I do the business class.


This is more for your money, although if you have your own business, this still applies in addition to what the business, uh, revenue would be.


Now we go on, I'm just just gonna go through each of your rising signs from Aries all the way to Pisces, and we're gonna just talk a little bit about your relationship and the ways to kind of use that energy and generate, I'm going to assume that there are no planets in any of these houses.


I'm not gonna talk about the rulership right now, o other than what it is.


I'm not gonna talk about where it is. And I'm going to also add in here, um, that it has to do with the placement of the ruler. So if you have, um, planets in the second house, so this is for Aries rising.


Aries rising is here, the second house being Taurus is here.


This is what we're looking at when we are looking for all of your money situation, your values, your relationship with money, uh, valuables, possessions and things of that nature. This also rules the earth, mother nature, uh, childbirth, womanhood. It's all the second house. But again, we are focusing through the lens of money and finances.


So you'll see up here that the relationship with money for most Aries rising people, remember, I'm gonna go through all this and it is not gonna be a hundred percent applicable to every single person because this is very generic. However, it's a foundation to work off of.


And each placement rulership and aspect is going to change this per person.


But this is the basis assuming no planets not talking about the rulership.


The relationship for most areas, risings, is that they enjoy comfortable things.


They enjoy having things that are valuable. Value is extremely important.


If they buy something, if they, um, spend money on something, they want the value out of it. And it needs to be, it needs to be equal to the amount that they're putting out.


They don't mind spending money, but, and they will spend on luxury.


But it's usually because they're in areas rising something that they want, right? Remember, the rising sign always colors the second house.


And we'll talk about this. Like for instance, when I get to Leo, the reason why Leos are generous is because their second house of money is Virgo. It's service to others, right? So their money ends up being, uh, useful to help other people, but they come back to Aries.


I'm getting ahead of myself. They like to spend on luxury, but money is money.


This is kind of a compartmentalized thing for Aries rising in general.


Work is work, communications, communication, home is home, blah, blah, blah.


But money is money. They make money to make money. They see the value in money.


But un until you get into the rulership, the actual, uh, topic of money doesn't really span around into the rest of their chart. It, they understand it for what it is.


And that's a just a generalized natural Aries rising thing. Now, in order for them to generate money, they can do anything that involves food.


They can u um, sell tangible physical items. They can, um, do anything that is art related to make money, and they can do anything that's directly related to finance.


They could be bankers, they could be investors, they could be in investments, investment banking. Obviously, if you tie it all together, um, anything that they handle money depending on how other things are situated in their chart, they could even be into cryptocurrency, but it's all about the value of something.


This could even be an somebody who's into like auctions and things like that.


If they have certain placements that say, I want that value to be, I want to get more value than I put out, right?


So if there's another Virgo placement or Mercury placement that's involved with TAUs, it could be somebody who does something like that, but value is value for them. Now, the money ruler is Venus. That's natural, right? Because TAUs rules money. So for an area's rising, they're looking to to TAUs. Anyway.


I also wanna point out that anytime that you're looking at Venus and TAUs for money, you are always looking at Libra.


And this is something that's often overlooked. People don't, do not look at their Libra house to understand.


That is also a factor for making money. Now, I'm not gonna talk about Libra much throughout the entire thing.


I'm making the statement now. So areas rising, also have to consider how their seventh house is situated, because they will also make money through others. They do it themselves, but they need somebody else to buy.


So this is how they interact and this is how it works for their lib replacement to be involved. Aries rising needs that Libra to be involved.


So there's often some aspect of either partnership, one-on-one dealings, dealing directly with the public, um, and, and public as a whole, not public as in like one-on-one, um, as a group, rather just it's the public as one. So this is extremely important. Remember, Libra is very important when you're talking about money as well, and it does tie into things that are pretty and all that kind of stuff.


And you'll see that when we get to, um, Virgo and Libra rising.


But, so this is Aries rising. Uh, and this also is, has to do with where Venus is, um, if Venus is in Taurus.


So it's not just it's second house in Taurus or Venus in Taurus. All right, let's move on. Taurus rising. Well, TAUs rising is automatically about value anyway. Their second house is Gemini, but they themselves, they enjoy to be comfortable. They enjoy luxury, they enjoy the finer things. They enjoy, um, like, I think I already said it. Luxury, finer things, things that are handmade.


These are very important to them. Uh, things that have value, things that have, uh, even a little bit of sentimentalism. The money ruler is Mercury though.


So while you will look at Venus for every single, um, rising sign, you will al always look at the second House ruler. In this case, Gemini's ruler is Mercury. So you're gonna look to Mercury's placements.


So now you're looking at Libra, you're looking at Mercury.


And because Mercury is also co-led, you will also be looking at Virgo.


So TAUs rising people, that's not Virgo. This is TAUs rising.


People will also look at their Virgo or their, yeah, their Virgo placements, and you'll see how that ties in.


A lot of TAUs Rising people do artistic services to other people that they use their hands. This is why a lot of ta people make things, right, because Gemini rules the hands.


But let's get into the relationship with Money First.


I know I'm a Gemini Mercury, I do things outta order. My, my Mercury is also opposite UUs and like trying Mar. So I do my best to stay on, on topic here. So if I tangent, I apologize, just rewind the video to figure out where I get back on track.


So the relationship with money, because they have a Gemini in the second house for TA Rising, is that they always think they know how much money they have, but they don't typically know. It's always like this average.


They think logically speaking, based off of everything that's happened, I think I know how much money I have, but they almost never know the exact amount. If they do know the exact amount, uh, it's because Mercury's in a very specific position and then they more are more factual. Like if they have the, uh, if they have Mercury in the third house for instance, or in the 10th house or something like that, they may always have like, knowledge of their or quick access to their online bank statements.


So they have that total at hand, but they always think they know how much they're extremely impulsive for new things. Shiny objects, Ooh, that looks nice. I wanna buy something.


I see that on tv, infomercials, all that kind of stuff.


They're the first ones to jump on that. They tend to have two of everything.


It's like, I get this, I see it, but you know, it came in blue and it came in purple, and I really liked both. It was like a, like a teal and this, and they justify it. They rationalize it, which is the other part of this. It's logical, even if they have to rationalize it. So it's not always logical to other people.


It's logical to them. And this is kind of things and they like trinkets, uh, you know, little knickknacks and stuff like that that they could play with their hands as well and that fit in their hands. Now, this is the relationship with them, uh, with this. And, uh, when I'm talking about the relationship, uh, here, guys, sometimes it's how they accumulate money.


Sometimes it's the reason why they feel like they don't have money, but either way, it's just how they interact, how they think, how they, um, it's not always to think that's more Gemini, but how they, um, associate with value and money. It's very cerebral, it's very hands-on.


It's very like, do, do, do do, do, uh, for TA Rising when there's Gemini there, the ways to generate money are through communication.


Some sort of communication, which could be writing, could be um, could be online, could be social media.


Obviously the rulership is all going to be a part of this in Virgo placement.


Working with their hands, like writing and coding and things of that nature where there's like hand eye coordination is one way to do that. Logistics, anything that deals with data numbers, you see a lot of accountants, uh, who are rising because remember, finance is very important already.


And then the actual data is how they make their money through it.


And then multiple streams of income. This is very common for TA Rising.


Anybody who has, um, mercury or Gemini, either in the 10th, the sixth, uh, the second house, uh, or a midheaven there in Gemini.


Multiple streams of income always.


Or if they don't have more than one stream of income, they have a job that requires them to wear Multiple hats.


Do at least two things. And to be honest, if a Gemini does not have somebody with Gemini, uh, uh, prominent tendencies does not have more than one thing to do, they tend to fizzle out, kind of hit their own roadblocks.


Everybody else in the world will tell them, you know, you need to pick one thing, you need to focus on it.


And that's actually their problem is that they only have one thing and they're focusing on the one thing, and they're losing their minds either out of boredom or it's just not aligning with their energies. The second side of Gemini is like, Hey, what do I do?


So remember, Gemini energy is all about duality.


So this is, uh, Gemini. So we're gonna go on to Gemini rising, Gemini rising.


The second house is cancer is obviously ruled by the moon here. And, um, wherever the moon placement is and Venus placement, the relationship with money for Gemini Rising, having a cancer second house, is that they choose to use their money or not have their money based off of their mood and their emotion. I felt like buying this, I had a connection to this, I don't know why, but I really just want to get this.


They also have their mood and their emotions fluctuate to the amount of money they feel they should have, right?


Because we're talking about cancer energy in the moon, it's more about intuition and feeling. Now, they obviously can use their intuition as well to, uh, make good money decisions. If they have that blocked or closed off, they can have issues there.


They don't like to tell people how much something costs.


They don't like to tell how much it was. Um, especially anything that's in their home, it's very private to them.


Their money is very private to them. This is my money. You know, you don't need to know. And that's just how it is.


Money is definitely tied in with home of home and family.


Often that's where the money goes. Either they're helping family with something, they are, you know, tying that money back into their own home.


They're investing in homes or doing something like that that is, that is tied in with home and family. And money is more of a need. It, there's an emotional security that is tied with the need for money.


And although cancer is, tends to be related to jobs that can produce a lot of money, it's more about this, the emotional security.


It's not that cancer itself is a money sign.


It's that it's the first one that has, again, that emotional connection to it.


And depending on how your emotions are, are placed, meaning your moon placement in your chart will determine how important money is as a Gemini rising and good. For instance, my mother is a Gemini rising.


She has cancer in the second house. Her moon is in Capricorn.


So working that corporate job, making more money, having stability, that's all tied in.


If she doesn't have that 401k and those investments in that portfolio and everything, and how have all that structure, it will affect her mood. It does, did, you know, affect her emotional status all based off of how much she did or didn't have, based off of what she felt she should have if the money went up and down as a Gemini, she's seen the number, she gets it, but if she felt like it should have been more, the mood will be affected by it.


If she, and conversely, if it ends up being more than she thought, the mood is affected positively by that. Ways to generate, uh, I see this all the time.


Cancer placements have unique opportunities to really connect with the public and their personal cancer's like a bridge between the, because of it's so intuitive between what is very private and what is very public. It is do obviously indirect opposition to Capricorn, but it just tends to be, um, the pulse of everything.


So these cancer placements in your chart are a really good, uh, indication of where you connect well with the public because it is your intuition.


But these people can make money doing real estate or domestic efforts.


Domestic efforts means anything from like knitting to, uh, sewing, to cooking, to agriculture, farming. These are all, um, part of this, but real estate, which can be any facet of real estate, anything that has to do with physical homes would be a good place to make money.


And obviously you would take the ruler and see where that is all aspects.


Some people who have this are not going to be into real estate.


Obviously this applies to everything I'm talking about because ruler ships, aspects, progressions, all those matter in relocations as well. Uh, nurturing, caring professions, anything like nursing, um, even things as like dental hygienist or um, babysitting, anything like that, uh, is very indicative of a, um, of a moon in the second house. Anything where they can, they tend to gravitate towards the Gemini. So there's some sort of logical, uh, component to this. Often if they are in some sort of, um, nurturing profession, there's some sort of logistics to it, um, where they're dealing with numbers or scheduling or anything like that. Uh, doing what feels good or at peace. This goes back to, uh, not only the intuition side, but the fact that it cancer naturally rules the fourth house.


This is all about home family and things that are private. And then of course, through family, family businesses, working with family, creating something as a legacy for family, trying to set something up so that they can pass it down.


This is all cancer type of energy, and that will take us to cancer rising.


That means the second house is Leo, so the ruler is the sun.


So anyone who's a cancer rising, you look to your sun placement to help you understand money. Now, this is like probably the closest sign, I think to take you into, um, take you into understanding, uh, kind of a pop culturey feel about sun science, right?


Because all the other ones really have not much to do with it.


The sun is vitality, happiness, you know, feeling like a kid, childhood risk and everything like that. Now, risk obviously can factor in if it is implemented.


Cancer risings tend to make a lot of money because of risk. Leo rules risk, and I don't have that on here, but I wanted to mention it, that risk is associated, uh, with cancer rising due to Leo, and then the sun placement adds flavor to it.


But their relationship with money is, they like things that are f uh, fancy and flashy. They like to have what's there and makes a statement.


They like to spend money on entertainment. They might go out to see the game.


They might, you know, go, you know, um, ice skating or something along those lines is anything that's fun, enjoyable recreation, they'll definitely put a lot into that. They may, uh, or they can make it that way as well. They may enjoy gambling.


So cancer risings, you do have to be carefully.


You don't sit there too long because risk is a thrill. It's, uh, and if you've made a lot of money doing it, it can be addictive, obviously.


And there's, there's an attitude of money is going to be there when I need it.


It's always like this because, because they're cancer risings, they're so intuitive, they feel like money is just gonna show up. Uh, and they know where to find it when they need it. And because it's the sun, it's like, boom, there it is. Um, you know, have they have the moon and then the sun rolling their first and second houses.


So it's very intuitive and enlightening to them.


So this is why cancers tend to be able to make a lot of money now. Um, everybody has the ability to, but you'll notice that a lot of people with cancer rising have been able to accumulate quite a bit of wealth because they identify with their sun sign.


They let that kind of lead, uh, with their intuition. It's like this, this, uh, the vitality and the life meets the intuition and the things that they feel.


So they, the people who know how to in integrate those and have positive aspects that, or even negative aspects that they've learned to embrace, they tend to be able to accumulate a lot of wealth using this ways to generate, obviously through entertainment and recreation.


This is why you see a lot of cancer risings in entertainment, uh, especially stage performance or theater or film, creative pursuits, anything really that ha that allows for creativity.


And this is not just because we're talking about the fifth house, and we're not talking about TAUs. We're not talking about, uh, Pisces and we're not talking about Libra.


We're talking more about any way that they can express themselves in a way that is not logical, that is more creative. It's the other side of the brain here.


If they can do that and do that their way and have fun with it and enjoy it, you will see that, that they will make a lot of money doing that as well.


Creative pursuits are perfect for cancer.


Risings doing what makes them happiest.


It's because the sun rules the second house. It's all about creativity.


Feeling like that kid and feeling like you're, you're, you have that life, that spark of life. So the happier you are, the more money you will make.


This is kind of common through most of them, but for cancer risings, it really has to align.


And then anything that has to do with a leadership role and doing something that they, again, they want to do, but they need to be able to have some sort of control over that and do things their way. They're not the type that enjoys having, um, for the most part and enjoys having a boss. So that's cancer rising.


Leo Rising. So Leo second house is Virgo, so we know the money.


Ruler is Mercury here, the relation, and then of course, because it's Mercury, you have to look at that up there in the 11th house of Gemini.


So you're gonna see a lot of Leo Risings, um, make a lot of money by being in the spotlight. They're, they're known, they're online, they're, uh, influencers. They are obviously, and we've talked about the arts and anything like that.


And that's less about the le well, Leo is, is the creative expression. It's that, but it's also the fact that their money house aligns with their 11th house, uh, society house.


This is another reason why I see a lot of Leo risings all over the place in all kinds of artistic endeavors because it aligns with their 11th house and their second house. So you'll see these, uh, these guys, uh, we talked about the generosity a little bit before, uh, when I got ahead of myself in, in the Aries, uh, rising.


And it's because Virgo is all about giving service to others.


Helping others. Again, their 11th house is tied in, that's humanitarianism.


So when you pull in the ruler Mercury into what a Leo rising chart is, this is why Leos are so generous, is because of the where the houses actually sit.


Not because Leo itself is inherently generous, it's not, but Leo Rising is, you see sales shoppers, because Virgo is all about analyzing, being meticulous in the, in the house of value.


They're constantly being critical.


So they're always trying to figure out how much money they have, how much they can spend.


And obviously there are plenty of Leo Risings like myself who don't keep any track of this kind of stuff. And that is because I have my, all that rulership in the sun. Uh, you know, my chart ruler, which is also important up here in Gemini, and it is opposite.


The ruler here is opposite, uh, Neptune and my Mercury, which rules my second house, uh, Virgo, uh, yeah, money House is opposite Uranus. So it's like, eh, I don't really care that much how much money I have.


I always know I can make it, but that's because of other things in my placement.


If you strip away all my chart signs as a Leo Rising, which I am, then it is about this and they're kind of like, um, ta risings in that they feel like they always know how much money they have.


Again, it's because Mercury is the ruler, so they have a good beat on how much they have. Um, I actually use this, uh, it's also about strategy and detail and planning, right?


I don't necessarily plan my money, but I do do something that's interesting.


I said Doo do. Um, I actually use this Virgo here by, I take, um, if I have an expense, if I'm paying out, I always round it up. So I, in my mind, in my bank account, I've paid more. If I have money coming in, I always round it down. So I always feel like I'm receiving less money.


And it always keeps me having more money than I think I have, which obviously keeps me happy.


But that's something that's actually this Virgo placement that I use there. Um, and Virgo, uh, I'm sorry, Leo Rising because Virgos in the second house always feels like they have to work for their money. Now with it, mercury being ruled there, it also means that stress, and this goes with Tars rising as well, I guess stress around finances is heavy, and maybe even more so for Tace Rising, if I'm completely honest.


But Leo Rising as well, stresses around money.


This is the biggest stressor for TACE and Leo Rising, is money, finances, because they always feel like they need to work, you know, hard for it, and they need to do what they do. Leo feels like they need to work hard.


Taurus feels like they need to just know how to make money.


And when they don't just know how to make money, it really bothers them and stresses them out. Whereas Leo Rising, it's like, I gotta work hard. I know I gotta work hard.


Obviously if you're Leo Rising and you don't like to work hard, you have to look at the rest of the planets. But this is, again, the basis to wait to generate money for Leo Rising Services is literally what it is. Work services, those are the main things.


Finding routine, finding things that work on their own. Now, this is automation as well for Leo Risings because Mercury ruled Gemini is in the 11th house. So it brings in technology, it brings in networks, groups, teams brings in automation.


So there are actually two different ways for both TAUs and, um, uh, TAUs and Leo Rising.


Sorry, I'm staring right at it. Leo Risings two, make money here.


And that is through the second end. The, uh, 11th houses here.


So this is more like, um, groups, multiple groups and multiple teams and, uh, all of that and the actual workings of automation and the Virgo is all about the services.


It's all about creating a strategy. And also, of course, health services and medical management, because Leo's the ruler.


If you have Virgo here, if you are in medicine or any type of healthcare or any type of service related industry, you may start there, but your goal is to work your way up to the top. Um, because your value is with Taurus in the 10th house.


Your value is in the management, again, without any planets or anything like that. Virgo rising, um, just like Aries Rising has a Venus ruled second house. So, uh, Aries in Virgo are both going to have Venus to look to, to be fair. Every single, um, uh, every single planet, every single, oh my God, I can't think every single sign has, uh, Venus to look to, because Venus also rules this. But in terms of the houses, you're going to look at TAUs here.


So a Virgo rising's gonna look to their ninth house.


So things that they're educated on, higher education, college culture, travel, things of that nature that they put value in and how they make money and international money.


Virgo Rising can make money through international endeavors pretty easily if they're set up for it. And obviously you look to see where Venus is, and if it's positively aspected, that would be how it is Libra rising. Now, this is the key is that because Libra is in the second house of Virgo rising, often the partner actually makes the money. The Virgo doesn't, they end up doing services, but their partner tends to make more money or they make the same as their partner. It tends to fluctuate, but they tend to be able to skate by, if they're in a lower class, if they're in the middle class, they kind of stay like this upper class like this.


Being able to align themselves with people. Um, of course, I'm, I'm stepping ahead, but align themselves with people is how they change this.


They love pretty things. They love fashion. Um, they tend to enjoy, uh, which is interesting because Virgo is very particular, but the Libra and the second house is, would be, um, very, they would, they'd be very attracted to things that have a little bit of flair to them, a little bit of elegance to them for sure.


And they can spend double by paying for others.


That's the thing for a Virgo Rising service to others, you're constantly working for other people, constantly helping other people.


It also shows in your finances where you're like, I'll get you that drink.


I'll pay for this. You wanna get some appetizer, I'll do it. I'll take, and then you end up with less money because you end up paying for more people.


Even like, it's not, you didn't need to, but you feel like you're obligated because you enjoy being of service to other people. Now, the ways to generate more money here, fashion and beauty, those are the first ones. Fashion, beauty, and design.


Anything that is design related, uh, will be here.


Especially anything where you have to do like the details or anything like this.


I see a lot of, uh, Virgos that are, um, you know, I see a lot of Virgo rising that end up being executives because they end up doing mediation as the way that they make money.


They're like the middle person to somebody.


That's really what a secretary is in a lot of these places is they end up doing the Gemini work up here where they're doing all the communication, answering the emails, doing all that, all the stuff on the phone, and then they're mediating.


So this between themselves or the customer and the ceo, the person who wants to get ahold of the person that they're working for, they end up being mediator. And that's another way that this tends to play out.


That's not listed on here, but, um, fashion and beauty is definitely one through partnership.


Partnership is amazing for Virgos, and a lot of Virgos feel because they feel like they need to be of service to others, that they don't end up getting this equality thing.


And that's kind of a thing with Libra that some people don't realize that Libras about balance and fairness, but never is.


And that's the unfortunate thing is that it, it, it should be, and they strive towards it, but it's very difficult to attain. However, they need to find and strike balance with other people to be able to utilize assets, um, and kind of pull all that together so that they can find their fairness and their level of money that comes through partnership, but, but gives them a comfortable lifestyle because they also want that with a Venus ruled second house. They also want comfort. They want to be comfortable, they want to have what they want. They wanna make sure that they're not, that they feel balanced.


A lot of Virgo Risings actually feel comfortable when they're not rich. Uh, you know, obviously the planetary placements will all change this, but they like to just be level.


That's what they're seeking is balance and harmony.


Legal work is huge for Virgo Risings. I also see them in law firms and whatnot.


Being able to step it up and be the service to the client rather than service to the firm. That's the key for a lot of them. Not everybody wants to do that.


Some people like they're nine to five.


Some people wanna stay at that certain role, but a lot of these Virgo risings do, um, especially because in, in a lot of the charts that I do, the timeframe tends to be a Chiron and TAUs thing where they don't value, you know, their contributions, their self.


They have lower self-worth insecurities with money and things like that.


So a lot of these Virgo Rising should be taking the step and elevating themselves a bit. And they're so good at multi-tasking and, uh, being able to balance all of that out if they're able to create a career with this Gemini energy in the 10th house, so that they are multitasking and doing different things, whether that's in one job or, or juggling a couple of businesses that maybe they have, and they tend not to start their own businesses with this Pisces in Seventh House. If they do, it's usually something that inspires creativity.


So you end up seeing Virgo Risings being like organizers, professional organizers, something like that where they get to be creative and it's not really a job that has much structure. Obviously that can change if like Neptunes in, um, Capricorn or if you have certain other placements, but that tends to be kind of it. A lot of Virgo risings that get into music, if they start their own business, they kind of do their own thing where they're, um, either musicians or, uh, with that 10th house in Gemini, uh, do like the technical side of it, where they're producing or something along those lines.


But legal work is huge because labor rules, legal stuff. And like I said before, finding stability, finding that balance, uh, with what you put out versus what you get back.


And that is the main key for Virgo Risings when it comes to money, is making sure that you are not doing, doing, doing, being of service all the time and not being compensated for it.


Making sure you find that stability. Make sure you are receiving the money.


If you couple this with a Chiron and TAUs, it makes it very difficult.


You're gonna have to work on both your Chiron Taurus and your Libra in the second house to rectify this and remedy this Libra rising.


So that means the second house is in Scorpio.


The money ruler is wherever Pluto sits in the chart, which will add context to all of this.


The relationship is that money disappears.


I hear a lot of people with Pluto in the second house, or you know, Scorpio as a second house ruler because they're labor risings.


That's like money, just, there's, there's always a reason why I can't hold onto it. Uh, or they end up here. It is usually easily in debt.


So they have a really hard time not going after the lavish things, not going after.


They can obsess over luxury with that TAUs in the eighth house here and, uh, end up getting themselves quite in debt. They, the money tends to come from other people. A lot of liber rising charts, it's always, they end up partnering, uh, because that's natural for Libra.


They find themselves through partnerships and they end up partnering and their money comes through, shared resources mostly from their partner, uh, unsure how to make money on their own, is a side effect of that. They, they tend to like Pluto, it's hidden, it's mysterious.


They're not really sure where it comes from or how to get it.


It just feels unattainable. And this is, this is a hard one for Libra Rising, I think because Pluto in its in and of itself is a difficult placement, a difficult planet to harbor because it is chaos in mayhem, in the ruler of the underworld and things that go awry and all that.


And it does involve other people. And, uh, Libra should be really aware that the other people are significant in there.


They, they have this feeling like they're all, they're so used to partnership and dealing with other people, but they wanna make their own money.


And it's ironic that because Scorpio's there, that money actually has to come from other people as well.


It's just a matter of how you do that.


You can still make your own money by using other people's resources, insurance and debt, huge ones. People who do like life insurance and um, all kinds of insurance policies. Um, labor Risings can do a really good job with this because they understand the investment strategy if they learn it obviously, and it aligns their energies with being able to, um, to accumulate this through shared possessions. Also, wealth management.


I hardly ever see Libra Risings in wealth management, yet they should be.


You literally have cancer in your 10th house, which has to do with families and home and the authority there.


You have your TAUs, which is your money house in, uh, other people's money.


You have Libra, which is you being able to associate with other people.


You have Mars, which is you doing something for someone else, like finding yourself within them. It's like it all aligns in. Um, but I don't see it as much. It's something that some people could, should consider if you're, especially if you're looking to start your own business, if you have a Mars placement, because the seventh house is about starting your own business.


If you have a Mars placement that supports it, you could be that type of person that doesn't, especially if you're already doing insurance and things and debt and stuff like that.


You could start your own family office and be a wealth manager and you know how much they make. Uh, so they have that through businesses.


Libra Risings should be starting their own business, most Libra Risings, uh, because Aries, again, it depends on how your Mars is placed, but because areas in the seventh house, this is entrepreneurship, energy going off on your own and doing your own thing, being able to work from home is something that a li rising would most Libra risings love anyway.


And being able to start that business finance is the eighth house.


I mentioned that earlier in the class here.


So you already are set up for that so that you would make money through that.


Uh, bringing people together to pull resources, kind of summarizing what I've already said here and diving deeper into their chosen field. The more you, you dive and, and place value and pull value from something that you're doing as a libra rising, the more that you are going to be able to make money from it, because you'll be able to share deeper and dive deeper that other people can't do. So a Libra rising's best option, most Libra rising is to dive deeper and be able to do more in their chosen field than anybody else. It makes them stand out. It makes them a household figure, a household name, because they are able to accomplish things that other people in their field are not able to accomplish, and this is where they find your uniqueness and their individuality.


If we move on to Scorpio rising, our second house is in Sagittarius.


Sagittarius is ruled by Jupiter. So take a look at your Jupiter placement.


A lot of people who are Scorpio risings get lucky unless they have a Jupiter retrograde or a adversely aspected Jupiter.


They tend to find luck and make and, and come across opportunities.


Whether they take them or not is a completely different thing.


But Scorpio rising is set up for business, international business.


So especially if there's a headquarters or, you know, it's, it's a, a longstanding, uh, um, company, right?


So because, uh, Sagittarius is here, um, and we're looking at Jupiter, then we have the relationship with money is high highs and lows, low lows.


That's because Jupiter expands. If you are having a bad streak, Jupiter will expand your bad streak and make it worse. Obviously, if you're conversely on a high streak, then you will have a high, high.


So Jupiter, although seen often as the male or the, I'm sorry, the benefic, the great lucky, you know, abundant planet, that it is, uh, there is a downside. It's also the, the, especially in the first house or related to your health houses, um, is the planet that can make you gain a lot of weight.


Jupiter transits to the first house can do the same thing.


So remember that Jupiter just expands a lot.


Oftentimes when something's going well and ju comes along, then that's great.


If something's going bad, Jupiter comes along and makes it exponentially worse.


Uh, you tend to have, as a Scorpio rising your own philosophy about money in life.


You think you can dive as a Scorpio rising. You have, uh, is it dove dived d whatever, deeper, uh, into it.


And you have come up with your own philosophies. Some of the, some Scorpio risings have kind of separated themselves from the material world, and they believe money is just a construct and you don't need money.


And this is why, uh, other people have, you know, developed their own system around how they believe money works.


It's very interesting, but this can lead to a lot of money or no money.


And whether or not you're happy with that or not, opportunity will show itself.


Often. I kind of said this earlier, and then they tend to spend money on experience. They value experience, they value higher education and learning a bit more than some other people.


A lot of Scorpio risings will value education, especially one that is going to be family approved. Um, but something that is gonna make them stand out and shine in whatever chosen field that they have, something that they can dive deep and do that nobody else can do.


That's usually a Scorpio rising. Now, ways to generate income teaching and coaching, uh, this has to do with, um, anything that's online, anything that's in person.


Sometimes it's fitness related. Remember the other planets all, uh, play into it sometimes as doing the stuff that I do where it's life coaching and mentoring. Uh, anything that is kind of consultancy based, that would also be their school teachers, university teachers, anything like that. Also teaching foreign languages because of the cultural, uh, part of this foreign lands, something cultural and kind of segueing into that.


Foreign lands also says you're likely to make your money outside of where you were born.


Either you're gonna make your money across the country more than 400 miles away or literally overseas, and it depends on what planets are, um, are a part of this learning and expanding. The more Scorpio rising deep, the more a Scorpio rising dives deeper into their chosen field.


I kind of mentioned this before, the more money they will make because they know more, they learn more, they obsess over what they want, they find their own beliefs, they discard different things, and they put it all together. Now, what's interesting is I have a Jupiter in Scorpio, so it's kind of this energy when it comes to, uh, how it's placed, and that's on my ic. So this is all placed like this for me in astrology.


I actually dove so deep into astrology, so deep into film, so deep into art, so deep into even when I sold cell phones for all the major carriers, when I, I went to each one, I knew more than everybody else. And it's, you know, you can be called names all day long. You're a know-it-all.


You're this, you're a that, it doesn't matter.


I did know I obsessed over it and what didn't work.


I developed my own theories and philosophies, literally that Jupiter slash Sagittarian energy, and I pulled that together for astrology.


People with Scorpio rising do that same thing for money.


How they think money should work. They, they tend to, when used applicably and, and they harness their Pluto, their chart ruler, they can use this in conjunction with Jupi, which is their money ruler, to develop their own theories on how money are is to be made.


So you'll see a lot of Scorpio risings making money in really weird ways in taboo ways, because that's what Scorpio rules.


It's not accepted by the mainstream, but they make their money and you're just like, I don't know how you did that.


They tell you and you're like, that doesn't sound right, but it is right because they figured it out.


It doesn't sound right because no one else has done it. It's new and unique.


Uh, let's see. And they create their own opportunities, like I said before, you know, opportunity will show, but especially if they have a Jupiter in retrograde, um, that Sagittarian ruler in retrograde, they have to create their own opportunities. And if you have that in your chart, remember I talk about retrograde planets in one of those, in the masterclass.


Um, it's all about finding your own luck, finding your own theories, beliefs and creating your own opportunities.


And that will actually bring you wealth as a Scorpio rising.


Sagittarius rising. The second house is Capricorn. Capricorn is ruled by Saturn.


So the money ruler is Saturn, wherever Saturn sits there. Now, what's interesting about sad rising is that because Saturn rules your, uh, your second house, Saturn also rules your career.


So literally your career will bring you money as a Sagittarius rising, whatever that is. And if your, if your Saturn is in retrograde, you have to figure what that is for yourself. Often developing your own goals, your own ambitions, your own, um, your own sense of discipline and authority and create your own world basically.


Sagittarius rising has a little bit of a one up because they like to travel, explore, and experience anyway. Sometimes these are late bloomers.


Saturn tends to be a late bloomer, especially if it's in retrograde, but even when it's not. So Sagittarius rising, people tend to, at the beginning of life, seem like they don't know how to make money.


Don't know what that they, they almost act like they don't need money because as long as they have enough to get by, uh, right here I have it as the relationship with money.


They need the basics. They have enough to get by, and that often is enough for them, uh, working hard, slow and steady. These are all, again, if there's no adverse traits or anything like that, but again, it's also like they kind of have to grow into this.


Capricorn energy doesn't start out this way, um, unless it's aspected a certain way, like through a square or something like that, or it's in the first house or anything like that. Um, but standard speaking, they grow into slow and steady gets into working hard. So later in life, they're very hard workers, but they need to find their way.


They need to explore, they need to find their place in the world.


And then they start putting in the hard work. They come, uh, a lot of their money comes through older systems and traditions.


So they end up kind of aligning with their own beliefs and then they go back and find what like systems and jobs in play are going to allow them to do the thing that they do. Sagittarius rising, unless they have certain, you know, traits and whatnot, they're not usually the ones who, uh, go out and um, like reinvent the wheel and you know, is do like entrepreneur stuff that no one else has done.


They tend to do things that are services that, um, that come from some sort of history, some sort of authority, some sort of, they bring all that in their second sixth and 10th houses are all earth houses.


It's very much rooted instability and, and uh, security. Um, but they will find their own spin on it.


And that's what Sagittarius is all about.


Finding their own experience and what they feel like they want to do, to have stories to tell, to be able to kind of expand on that.


They may take something that is already out there and while they're not reinventing on it, they are expanding upon it and they are adding what they can bring to the table to it to make that thing a better thing.


Ways to generate income is climbing the ladder.


These are the type of people that will literally, once they find what they're looking for and they found their place in the world, they're looking for that experience.


They will take all the experience and all the steps to climb up to the top.


And you may see them, um, as either CEOs or just under.


I see a lot of satirizing is like vice presidents and stuff like that. Um, we see structure in utilizing systems.


A lot of them are smart enough to understand that if I want to make an abundance of money using my Jupiter, that I need to use the systems in play.


The financial systems, this is where finance actually plays in with Capricorn and Saturn is when it's sitting in the second house and relating to Venus in any way.


So financial systems, these are stock market players, these are portfolio, you know, people who hold portfolios. These are, uh, gamblers and risk takers.


They play the stock market, they know the systems and uh, it doesn't have to be just stocks. It can be anything that has a system.


They will learn it and they will try to find a way to use it in their benefit to, you know, to give themselves more.


Sagittarius wants more finding authority in money streams.


This is where they find something that not only gives them, um, stability because that's extremely important and structure and foundation, but something that other people appreciate them for and they get respect for, and that's what they're seeking with their, um, with money.


So that's what they tend to align with, uh, when it's on the positive here and setting up long-term goals.


So they end up, sometimes they'll play the short game, but a lot of these people, especially if they're in stock market, whatever, they're not looking to be day traders as much as they are looking for, you know, patterns and how things play out. Um, through international, they're looking at the big picture.


They tend to see things as they play out the long way.


So if you're getting into financing of any way, um, then you should be, uh, as a Sagittarius rising, you should be looking at the long game, and that would be, that would bring you the most income.


Is is not playing the short game unless your energy favors it.


Capricorn rising second house is Aquarius. Aquarius is ruled by Uranus.


So obviously wherever Uranus is in your char, we'll add more along with Venus.


As we've said before, the relationship for a Capricorn rising with Aquarius is that money seems to come and go. It's like no matter how hard they work for it, money just kind of like, either they spend it or they go through periods of time where they have work, they don't have work.


And that's because the air signs in the second sixth and 10th house is like they're ready. They wanna work assuming that their Saturn is well aspected, but finding the thing that doesn't make them bored, um, and where they feel at peace and balanced and, uh, and accepted can be very difficult for them.


So they tend to jump jobs and try different things. Uh, if they have a stronger Saturn, they will not have the, um, the downtime as much, but if they have a weaker or retrograde or whatever, Saturn in there, then you may see people with the Aquarius in the second house have a lot of downtime between jobs. They tend to spend on their friends. Uh, it's very important. They, they have the authority, they feel like they're the man.


Sometimes they play that role a little bit too much.


They get their little posse together, their team, their groups.


They'll buy everybody's shots at the bar. They'll, you know, buy gifts.


They'll do the, you know, different things. And, um, they tend to have less money as a result of this. Obviously, if their, if their chart is the other way around, they try to mooch off their friends, but that's a whole different thing. They're looking for new ways to make money.


That's the thing about Capricorns.


And a lot of people associate Capricorns with money. It's not directly, but a Capricorn rising is always looking for the next thing.


They're the ones who are like, oh, cryptocurrency. It's like, it's a system I identify with, but this is the new way to do it, system, new way.


That's kind of how it is with Aquarius in the second house as a Capricorn rising and constant change in jobs and sources is because of the Gemini in the sixth house. Because you have Uranus as the planet ruler, you're always looking for change.


Each one of those changes is really trying to find yourself and figure out your uniqueness. If you end up as a Capricorn rising, doing Capricorn type stuff, just standard CEO stuff, standard, you know, hard work, labor, work, anything like that, you're going to find as a Capricorn rising that you're, you're just not gonna be happy. You're gonna constantly want to quit.


Do another job, find another way to transfer, try this over here, do that because you're seeking how you can have value in your uniqueness and what you bring individually to the table.


If it's a type of job where your, you were hired for your skills that no one else has, you're gonna be a lot happier ways to generate money. Tech, tech and online. So cryptocurrency, um, anything that is technology based. Anything that's like online social media, um, you know, diving deep with that kind of stuff and finding a way to transmute that into something that is what you want.


Because Scorpio in the 11th house with social media for a Capricorn rising is not traditionally the thing they want to do, but if they find a way to kind of like, see the hidden value in it and find a way to use that, then they will do it.


Also, Capricorn rising tends to not, again, it depends on where the sun is and all these things, but just blanket statement doesn't wanna show their face, uh, on camera anyway, on social media.


So they tend to do things where they can promote whatever they're doing in a new, inventive, creative way, where they are not necessarily putting themselves on camera like everybody else.


It's something that is going to make them stand apart, but still kind of utilizes traditional methods of doing it.


Sources that fluctuate. This again, could be cryptocurrency, could be, uh, anything that has to do with digital currency, it could have to do with anything that's tech related. Anything that it's, it's value, uh, is not constant the entire time.


There's a lot of Capricorn in the stock market as well.


Automation and future proofing. This is all about, again, diving deep into how we can utilize, um, technology within, uh, the way that we make money, how we can bring in networking groups, teams, um, small businesses, all of that into here. Uh, anything that, again, future-proofing, anything, this technology is gonna bring it in, that's gonna create security is another way. So that's Capricorn rising.


Aquarius rising Second house is Pisces. Pisces is ruled by Neptune.


So look for Neptune in the chart for further information, the relationship, some Aquarius rising people, because they are future oriented. They're all about society, humanitarianism, and, uh, how they kind of are the future in some ways. And in some ways they are, uh, because that PI is in the second house when it comes to values, possessions, and money, oftentimes they feel like they don't need money. You know, it's the future. It's, it's unnecessary. I'm unconventional. I'm, I don't go with the norm. And they can see money as a more Capricorn thing, whereas urines are, uh, yeah, Uranus, which rules Aquarius.


Aquarius is trying to be different, trying to rebel. I don't need money.


Oftentimes they end up having a hard time keeping money and having a hard time materializing money because Pisces is in that second house.


I can almost feel like money's never there, and I don't know how to get it.


It's like every time it's like right outta my grasp, or every time I think I have it, it's an illusion. It just disappears.


It's a disappear in a different way than when, uh, Scorpio was in this house.


But it can feel like it, it's very hard to attain if they do have it.


It's almost like they lose track of what they have and then all of a sudden it feels like they should have had more money, but now they're out of money.


And then there's a spiritual connection to the material world.


When they go too far into the, into the Pisces, they end up losing the connection to the material world.


If they have a spiritual connection to the material world, uh, sometimes it can be a little bit too much where they over idolize money.


So it can be not only that they don't, if they do or they want badly, sometimes they can see that money is a, um, like an idealistic thing. Like, uh, like perfection.


That's the one thing that everybody needs right now to be able to use this energy and generate money. Creativity, Aquarius Rising is all about using your individuality and making money through creative endeavor, spiritual work, anything that's behind the scenes and anything that's medically related.


All that Pisces Energy, this includes dance, it includes, um, a lot of people who have this, uh, are set up, especially with the way that the generational planets have been lately for video games. This literally right here could be video games, depending on where Uranus and Neptune are both situated in the chart and how they're aspected. This could be one way that they do it.


A lot of Aquarius rising in film and entertainment as well, especially if they're kind of like doing their own thing, especially with that seventh house Leo here and then looking at their sun placement for further it is water. So using intuition, using, um, you know, their gut feelings and doing things differently that are, um, having that mysterious, like taboo element of it that, that, uh, not really sure what they're doing or how they're doing it, but they're making it work.


Those type of people generate a lot of money doing that, but again, using creativity is huge for them. And, uh, also taking a look, obviously at the sixth and 10th house placements, but Aquarius Rising is all about, uh, using your intuition to guide you as well into what is a good investment, what is a bad investment? If I buy something, is it worth it?


Use your intuition. Your intuition will tell you, I shouldn't buy this.


I don't know why, but I feel like I, I could either get a better deal or there's something wrong with this, or whatever. Listen to that because that's all part of your, your earth.


Uh, houses are water rules.


So it's all about intuition and using that for guidance. Excuse me.


And Pisces rising. Second ha, second ha. Harry's house.


Aries second house is in Aries, which is Mars rules.


So Mars in the chart is gonna tell you more about how you make money in your relationship with money. It's a very selfish placement. Uh, Pisces is interesting because very go with the flow, but Aries is the baby doesn't really know but wants to do for themselves.


So they have this interesting dichotomy of, um, toward that feeling of towards enlightenment, being Neptune ruled, but then having their values and their sense of, um, like money and finance and everything, tying them to the material world, uh, in terms of value being Aries, and then in their sixth house of the actual material world and, and work being Leo. So that fire energy is like, they have this passion and this creativity and this drive and this motivation to do, but then because they're, uh, Neptune ruled in Pisces rising, they don't know what to do. And it's just because that second house there again, is, uh, Aries starting over with the baby. So it's like you're, you're coming in with that ascendant that is, you know, at the end of the cycle, and then you're crossing back over into the beginning.


So it can be very difficult for a lot of Pisces Risings to figure out what they do. Once they do though, they will lock in and they will make a hell a lot of money, and that's Pisces Rising are so underrated. Uh, just generically, again, umbrella speaking, because once they figure this out, they're on their way.


But it, you know, a lot of their life, some people never do, but a lot of their life, they have a hard time figuring out which way they're supposed to go. Well, Pisces Rising also has a hard time because everyone tells them they shouldn't do creative jobs, get a real job. And this is not just Pisces Rising, this is other people, especially if you have different configurations in your chart.


But creative jobs aren't real jobs. Music's not a real job.


This is not a real job, not a real job. And they hear that and they feel that, and they're so sensitive that it can shut them down. When in reality, if they just listen to themselves for a Pisces Rising, they would do much better. The relationship is driven, but aimless, it's like, I know I want to do, but I don't know what they can make money when they need to.


It's like they have this mysterious ability that if they really need to money, make money, they can find something, make a little bit of money, whatever they need for the time being, and then they're kind of back to the same situation again.


All they have to do is channel that into something they really want to do instead of something that is just going to help them in their situation.


They tend to have an ability to spend money quickly, impulsively and selfishly, I want this for me. I like this. I don't care.


I don't have any of the details about this. I just think I like it.


And they take it.


Oftentimes they ignore their intuition on what's a good purchase and what's a bad purchase, because that areas takes over and it's like, I want it, I want it.


And then they don't always know how to make money, which we kind of talked about before. They're very aimless.


It's like once they figure out how to make money, it's, it's go time.


But until then, which can be a long time for some of them, um, it can create, uh, ha uh, wreak havoc in their chart.


How do they generate money doing something new? Do something that's different.


Use your intuition and as inspiration take clues and cues from the, uh, universe and the environment to guide you.


Pisces is an ethereal sign. As a rising sign. Aries is pioneering. It's new, it's the new cycle. Stop trying to do what everybody else is doing.


Do your own thing. Come up with new ideas and follow that. Be the boss.


Pisces Rising is sensitive, but they are very different type of boss.


They are a good compassionate boss when they're doing their own thing.


They can be very meticulous with the people that they're working with, but they can be very expansion, expansive and philosophical.


As a mentor or as a boss. They're very good at coaching other people, which is a very different type of authority than let's say, Capricorn there or even Leo there. Uh, anything that has to do with solo act, things that you can do for yourself, especially if it's creative or spiritual in nature, uh, hands-on approach is definitely gonna be the way forward for you being engaged, interactive in what you're doing, sometimes even physically doing the grunt.


Work yourself, at least for some of it.


And remember that Pisces Rising can also be the product.


You can promote yourself as the thing.


Leo in the sixth house is all about creativity and whatnot, but they like the spotlight. Generically speaking, they want to be in the spotlight.


So the best way you can do this as a Pisces Rising is to go sing, be on Broadway, go dance, go use your creativity.


And obviously it doesn't have to be the normal film, music, whatever.


It can also be like making things, um, designing, painting.


There's so many creative avenues that you can go and the rest of your chart is really gonna narrow it down on how that will play out for you.


So the second house ruler we were talking about here through the houses. Um, if your second house ruler, doesn't matter what it is, if your second house ruler is sitting, let's say it's TAUs in the second house.


If Venus is in the first house, if aria's in the second house, Mars is in the first house wherever the ruler of the second house is, if it is in the first house, this requires you to make money to use physical action, your physical body, something pioneering.


It might not even be your body if it has to do with like Aquarius and wellness and things like that. It might be just the body in general, like Reiki healing and things like that.


Something that has to do with the body and something where it's hands on.


Something that you're actively engaged in in the second house.


It's literally products and possessions and items. Finance, ethics, values and just money for the sake of making money.


Money stacks on stacks as they say.


Your second house ruler in the third house has to do with communication, using your physical hands as opposed to being hands-on and being engaged.


More about typing or coding or, uh, drawing or something where your hands are actually the, um, the apparatus that you use.


Sales ideas being the idea person coming across. And then education, usually lower end education or things that are surface or anything data driven, uh, can also be something where it is, um, like communications and uh, like, uh, accounting, right?


Second house rule in the third house could be accounting as well. Or in Gemini.


Second house rule in the fourth house could be something headquarters based where there's a home office, uh, your physical home, real estate, uh, anything that is personal or close to you that deals with emotions, mood, anything like that. Something with intuition, nurturing. And then family.


Anything that is family based. If you, if you're, it's like a combination of things that have to do with Pisces and Neptunes in the fourth house. It could be opening up your own medical practice.


And obviously you look at your sixth and 10th house in mid-heaven and ascendant two, you know, wrap it all up to see exactly how, but this is the basics.


Remember basics, fifth House, second House, ruler in the fifth house.


Anything that has to do with creativity of any sort.


Creative expression of any kind, usually of a physical nature. Entertainment, children, recreation and things that are fun. Also, romance.


So a lot of people who have like Mercury in their second house and um, uh, Mer uh, I'm sorry, Gemini in the second house in Mercury is in their fifth house. They might be a, uh, romance novel author, the sixth house, uh, second House ruler and the sixth House. All about services.


That's the main thing, really. Services, but then health, uh, anything that is organizational deals with details work, um, is kind of, uh, um, often not in the same way as Libra or Seventh House, but it's kind of like a liaison between the one per, not between two people, but to one person. So they're the one that is always helping.


They're the helper, which is basically service, but it's the helper. Um, sign, second house ruling, the seventh House partnership, huge. Anything legal, anything dealing with fashion and beauty. That is all seventh house stuff.


Partnership is huge for that though. And finding balance and mediation.


It could be something that deals with tact and diplomacy as well.


Second house rule in the eighth house is, uh, investing, shared resources, transformation, things that are taboo.


Things that are not accepted by the mainstream society.


Things where you have to dive deeper in order to come out the other side and transform whatever it is you are doing, kind of like I did with astrology, where I've transformed it into something that is usable as opposed to just pop culture stuff we chat about. That's cute and fun.


This is something you can actually apply. I have that, uh, eighth house energy there. I did it with film as well. Ninth house, uh, has to do with higher education beliefs, international and, and a lot of times it's things that have to do with travel as well.


So if you're doing travel and travel includes vacation.


So if you have like the moon in the ninth house and your second house is in cancer, it could be that you're doing either, uh, you know, construction or real estate of some sort on international, uh, soil or you're doing travel homes or vacation rentals or something like that.


Second house ruler in the 10th house is anything that is corporate.


A lot of people with their second house ruler sitting up in the 10th house, they end up working for a corporation, usually a major corporation, something where they're either public facing or is something that is very publicly known, uh, traditional or a very old company.


One that's been around for a long time or something that is dealing with systems or the government. The government, I didn't list, but it is part of that as well.


The second house ruler in the 11th house has to do with the future of future proofing things, technology, non-conventional things, things that are rebellious or, uh, redesigning systems and changing them, making them new, uh, groups. And, uh, there's something else in my brain and I totally forgot it. Groups, teams, society, oh, humanitarian efforts as well.


The second house ruler in the 12th house. Anything that is creative, spiritual music, media behind the scenes or medical, those are all the 12th house things.


A lot of times you'll see people who are heavily creative and spiritual because Neptune, which rules the 12th house natively, uh, rules, all those things.


So this is a list here that you can refer to. Again, you've heard me say a couple of things that aren't here.


These are the basic things that would fit on the paper so that you could easily read it, um, so that you can get an understanding of how the Second House ruler ties in.


Now let's use a couple of examples real quick here.


I wanna go through the first one, Dr. Dre. Uh, you know, I was gonna, in one of my classes in the, um, masterclass, I pretended like they weren't real people and then I showed you who they were.


I'm just gonna tell you who they are, Dr. Dre here, and I'm not gonna go through everything. Remember that your Saturn placement, your Capricorn, your 10th house, your sixth house, your second house, your first house, they all matter. Saturn and Pisces, you already know that this guy's into music and whatnot. But Saturn, um, up here, I'm not gonna go too much into Saturn placements for these, but I just want to touch on it real quick. Saturn in, in the 10th house as well, is kind of like that leader that, um, has the authority within music.


And Kyron is, he's had his own issues and whatnot, you know, as a father and things of that nature. Uh, which is interesting cuz now that I say that, I remember something about him.


Um, second house in cancer, empty house.


So we don't have any reverse rulerships to look at here.


Cancer we talked about before, uh, Gemini has to do with using the hands and doing things that are, um, with the mid-heaven in Aquarius, has to do with things that are rhythmic with the combination here. Um, its ruler is over here in the fifth house. So automatically entertainment.


And this is, uh, Libra, which has to do with anything that has to do with, uh, other people being public, facing, legal, you know, all the le the, the Libra stuff that we talked about before and partnerships.


And his first job was a dj.


I did read that while I was putting this all together.


I didn't know that before, but that is right here.


His second house ruler of making money, his first job, he went right into, uh, with the public here doing something that was cool, that was like trendy. Uh, and then obviously Neptune in his sixth house brings music back in as well.


But this is entertainment in general, doing something that is fun, doing something that he feels like intuitively inclined to do and always partnership. So if you know anything about Dr. Dre, he obviously had his group, um, NWA when he first started.


That's his midheaven and all this energy in Aquarius.


That's the group aspect here. Uh, he also had, uh, you know, his one-on-one and his mentorship. So with, there's a whole list of people. Obviously most people know Eminem, but like 50 cent and Warren and all the other people that he had. Um, this is his Saturn in the 10th house in Pisces as a musical mentor.


And then the one-on-one aspect where he is a producer, that is his main thing is he's a producer and his, uh, he owns his own business and that is in music behind the scenes in the 12th house in ta. So that's art's, music and everything that pulls it back up here to the ninth house where it's a lot of electronic and whatnot. So this is Dr. Dre, this is real quick. Uh, we also know that he ended up selling, um, selling Gemini right here. Sales, uh, selling something that he had, uh, helped build up that he had built a name for here in entertainment. Uh, Libra also rules things that are balanced out. Headphones, um, makes a lot of sense for this.


And then Midheaven up here in the ninth house was putting his belief in his stamp on something that he ended up selling. So that is, and Venus is there.


So that's also where he made a lot of money. Now, uh, deciphering when you do something versus when you do something else.


Like he did music for a long time as a group, then he kind of went one-on-one, then he kind of dropped out and then he, you know, did the thing with m and m, then he did the other stuff, then he did beats and now he's doing other things.


That's all based on progressions and relocations.


If you move your midheaven moves, you end up changing your jobs.


You'll always have your natal chart, but your, your, um, relocated chart acts as a layer above it.


I teach that in the Astrocartography class when you have your progressions, that class at the time of recording, I do not have that donut.


I do not have that up for you to watch.


But the progressions class is gonna come out.


They're gonna be a few of them obviously, because these topics are very expansive, including money. Uh, but you know, those progressions are extremely important to know what phase of life you're in as well. So that's Dr. Dre Warren Buffet.


Most people understand Warren Buffet as an investor or trader.


He's done quite a few things in his life.


He's very diversified in his portfolio, but that's what he does. Here you go, Saturn retrograde, finding his own way in the second house in Capricorn, literally trying to be the best do the most with finance. And if you look at, um, where is, uh, uh, oh, here it is. If you look here, that Saturn that is in his second house that comes from Capricorn that is already there. So again, money upon money upon money and the authority in it.


And it is, uh, up here trying the sun and the um, and Neptune in Virgo in the 10th house.


This is about being selective with his career, what he wants to do and having services offered, which I know he does.


Bringing the international house in higher education and learning all up in here.


He definitely learned the things that he wanted to learn that would bring him money here with this trying here and a lot of investment in intangible things like medical stuff and whatnot. Uh, and also because of this, he, his company is basically a holdings company.


And that is what this Neptune here is.


It's like his career isn't really a career, it's just trading money.


That's basically what he does.


And you can see that the eighth house rulers in the first house, remember the ascendant in the first house are very important.


This has to do with international, expanding higher education and knowledge that is in the investments house, the investments rulers back here. So they are mutual in mutual reception here, and this is why investment is his thing and that's kind of what he's done.


And um, there's not a whole out else to say other than Chiron in his sixth house.


He can't have a standard nine to five.


If you have Chiron in your sixth house and you're trying to work at nine to five, you'll see that you run into a lot of, um, issues because you're just not designed to have, uh, you know, that standard. You don't have value in that routine. So it's gotta be something, especially when it comes to money in the six house TAUs in the six house. Um, you know, doing it the same way every time is not how he does it.


I know that often in the media, either he says it or other people say it for him that he just has a strategy.


But his strategy changes every single time. And he's said that too.


So this is Warren Buffets. You see that again, Capricorn is here.


It's in the same house, which means the second house ruler is in the second house. So money on, money on money, banking, banking, finance, finance, value arts, whatnot.


And there is an art to what he does. So that's there.


Venus is up here in the 11th house of, um, community and tech and balancing out and all that kind of stuff.


So this is all here for Warren Buffet. Again, we'll go deeper into other, um, into other, uh, areas here as we look further beyond just the second house. And Venus, it's actually really tough for me not to keep talking about the entire way it all comes together.


But this is a intro basically to start making money class Steve Jobs.


This guy is interesting because what you know about him versus what you, what he actually did. Oh my god, so different.


And I didn't actually know this about him. I see it in his chart.


I read his chart and then I had to go look it up because I was like, this dude made a ton of money, but in reality, he actually didn't believe, and I said this with Neptune or Pisces in the second house, these people don't feel like they need money and they find it, they get their money through partnerships and this will be loose partnerships.


So nothing that is contractually obligated. Um, but this is exactly how he made his money.


This is actually his viewpoint on money is that he doesn't need money, that it's completely irrelevant and un unnecessary even though he ended up making like 250 million towards the end of his life. This was his relationship, the Venus place in which rules, this is over here in the fifth house of creativity in Capricorn, creativity through structure or something of structure because we're talking about Venus, which is also items in the north node.


This is something constantly achieving and constantly seeking, but not not grasping at the beginning. At the beginning. It's all this, um, cancer energy with both of this.


So this opposition between Venus, which is the rule of a second house and Uranus is the whole tech.


This is actually how tech got in there. Computers for the home.


This is exactly what he was trying to do with his philosophy here with home computers. That's what he was trying to do.


And his original idea was to sell it, uh, you know, his first computer motherboard without any labeling on it, which is the Neptune, the dissolution of the actual value to it, uh, for $50, which is like 150 now or something like that, uh, to to computer people or whatever. Uh, I can't remember who he's selling to, but that's what his in initial intention was.


But if you notice that his chart ruler, um, is over here in Aquarius about the future and Chiron embracing the fact that the future and, and, you know, using things on daily, especially technology here, this is the other way the tech comes in.


Chiron is like the inability to figure out what that is and how to use that on a daily basis and whatnot.


And he use this Mercury retrograde to think outside of the box here. Um, but that Gemini Midheaven is all tied into this six as well. Again, Chiron in the six house, very difficult to have that stability job.


So even when he was the ceo, even when he was kind of working for Apple, he ended up losing his job and whatnot, and that ended up being part of his progressions and everything.


But when you tie all this in together, you'll notice, um, that his Saturn is in which rules the career is in Scorpio, its ruler is in Leo and the 12th House.


You'll notice that his money ruler is in the fifth house.


So when you start pulling all this together here and that his own corporation is Pisces ruled with the sun, his way forward was actually not, um, like it was, it was future oriented and future thinking, but he was never really the cutting edge of many things.


He reinvented things and then other companies got on and kind of surpassed and he'd kind of catch up and do something else.


And these companies would try to chase him.


He was definitely a pioneer in what he did. He has that, that moon in areas that Mars in areas energy with the eighth, a lot of secrets and things like that.


But he was definitely on the cutting edge and that kind of went into the ninth house into Tarus and that's how he made his value, his money by not telling everybody what he was doing and then coming out with it. A lot of secrecy and you've seen that where his events and things like that.


But what I found the most interesting is that all these creative placements are not about his success in the actual tech sphere in terms of tech being tech. It is always taking, um, creative and like creative expression in music and entertainment and things like that. And I, I find that interesting because if you look at the Apple computers as they came out, what really made them appealing was two main things, three main things.


One of them is that they couldn't really get viruses, the second one.


And they were not ma, they were not PCs.


The second thing was they came in all sorts of colors.


And the third thing was he was the first, the Apple computer was the first one to be loaded with a game.


And I find that interesting because in his chart it's all about, uh, creativity and creative expression and entertainment and things of that nature.


Obviously Apple has Apple TV and jumped on with everything else, but this is more about him when he was there.


And the whole thing with like entertainment and movies and music.


He focused so much on that iPhone, being able to take pictures, have good quality. Um, apples Codex, if you know anything about Apple computers, um, with ProRes and all of that, ended up doing the, um, the final cut as obviously Apple dropped it.


But he was one of the first ones to give a professional, uh, product for a film editing to consumers. And then of course the iPhone, uh, also, or the ipa, um, the hell are they called iPod.


The iPod originally an Apple brand of his creation being about music.


And that's literally what all of this is saying here when you put it all together that his career was idea generating by taking things that already existed, transforming them and creating it in a new fashion.


And that's why all of that emphasis is not actually on him being in tech, but him being a creative person revolutionizing things that have to do with media and creativity. So all those colorful computers, all of that music and the iPod, uh, the cameras on the phones, like the first iPhone could not send picture messaging, but it took a good picture so for, you know, for the time.


So it was very interesting that it wasn't like ahead of the curve on everything, as much as it was just, um, trying to one up the things that, you know, he did focus on, which were multimedia based. Um, mid-heaven in Gemini was like multiple things going at the same time as well.


So this is all about how to look at, um, money, your, uh, your connection, your relationship with money, how you can start making money by realizing the cycles of how money has or has not come about in your, uh, in your life.


You'll be able to take transits in the near future and apply that progressions as well in relocations.


But this is supposed to be a basic introduction so you understand how money plays out in astrology, in true astrology, and then you can transmute these real universal energies so that you can live the best life that you wanna live, vibe higher, and just be happier than everybody else who doesn't have the cheat code of astrology.