Accepting Chiron:




Hi, everybody.


Welcome to the accepting Chiron.


For those of you who weren't here, I've, this is take three, accepting Chiron, uh, webinar.


What we're gonna be doing is going over what we know about Chiron.


Uh, we'll be talking about it, you know, within your chart for the people who are attending this webinar live, so that you can at home or in the comfort of wherever you are when you're reviewing this playback, um, be able to take this replay information and apply it to your own.


Now, the purpose of why I called it, I keep saying embracing Chiron, because I did a Lilith one, which is embracing Lilith.


And yes, embracing is extremely important, but with Chiron, I really chose the word accepting because that is the biggest difficulty.


It's the biggest strife that we have when it comes to, um, this astrological body or astronomical body.


And for those of you all who are here learning alchemistic, astrology, you know that for me, when I was putting all this together, when I was looking at everything, the astronomical doctrine of signatures is extremely important.


And while I'm not gonna dive into everything today, um, this is more kind of a, I wanna say refresher course, because we have talked about Chiron in previous webinars in the past.


Uh, but I wanna really get into some of the things that I think are super important in my own studies, in my own research, and how I've molded my understanding and definition of Chiron into something that AI can use.


B, I've helped my wife use, and CI use in almost every single, uh, astrology reading now, uh, in tandem with the lowlife placement to really help people accept who they are.


And the fact that in this, in this area of life, stuff just don't go right.


And it's not supposed to.


And that's the acceptance part, is that in this area of life, you are unique, you are different, you are special, and things are chaotic and just off axis, so to speak.


Uh, here, so, so there's a couple of things I want you to know about Chiron in general.


Now, I pulled up this image specifically because I wanted you to see a couple of things.


Um, this is a rendering.


This is obviously not an actual photo.


We don't have a true photo yet of Chiron.


It was discovered in 1977.


So our information on this asteroid, on this centar, is very limited.


Now, centar in mythology, uh, half person, half horse, whatever.


And because it's a centar, all of the centaurs in astronomy were labeled after mythological centaurs.


And this is part of the reason why the mythology just doesn't apply to the actual, the actual playout of a lot of these celestial objects.


And Chiron was one that I took note because it was, it's, the way that it sits in my chart is just heavily prominent, so it doesn't seem like such.


Um, but this Chiron placement at 24 degrees, 42 arc minutes is in a direct, um, it forms a yard here, but it's in a direct, uh, Quin Cox to Pluto and from Neptune.


And then we also have a square from the moon, uh, to Chiron here.


And then it's ruler is forming a square to my ascendant.


Now, I'm not gonna get into this, and I don't want to, I don't want anybody to take this outside of here if I haven't released the book by the time you're watching this.


But Chiron to the sun is not an aspect, um, nucleus wise.


However, there is a theory I had been working on for over a year called Fringe Theory that I have recently proven to be accurate.


And that will be in my book, and I'll be talking about it.


So there actually is a relationship, not only from Chiron directly to the sun, but Chiron through the moon to the sun due to the rine that is there.


But in my chart, Chiron is sitting there prominently.


And the standard, uh, Chiron mythology that comes up, um, is that Chiron was the wisest of all the centaurs.


And, uh, in, in of all the Greek heroes, all of these, uh, very well, well versed in medicine.


So the first thing that you think when you learn Chiron is oh, medicine healing.


And because the spiritual community basically hijacked astrology after the 17th century, uh, scientific revolution where astronomy was, was more the empirical science that was taken away.


And astrology and astrology split, and then the mystics took over astrology.


We've had three centuries of nonsense.


And part of it comes from, you know, these types of things.


Now, Chiron was labeled in 1977 by its founders discoverer, um, you know, to be Chiron based on the mythology, which is how they, they name everything in astronomy.


But the problem is when you take it directly from the mythology into real world, you get a lot of confusion.


And because 1977 is not that long ago, 50 plus somewhere around 50 years, it hasn't even been the Chiron return of the founding of the Chiron asteroid.


So, um, that'll be something interesting we should probably pull up at some point.


It's the Electional chart of when Chiron was discovered.


And we're coming up right on that.


And maybe this will help, uh, Chiron's return on Chiron, just the understanding of Chiron.


But, um, you know, you see it's music prophecy hunting.


It has nothing to do with these things.


And, uh, this was why I was so confused, is you keep hearing things that are based on the, uh, wounded healer.


So if I type in astrology, it's always gonna be Chiron is the wounded healer.


I'm gonna tell you right now that that is not true.


Chiron is not the wounded healer in the sense that, in the mythology, Chiron was, you know, one of cent's within this, this mini excursion that, you know, wasn't even a part of it, but ended up getting inadvertently shot in the leg with a poison arrow, eventually over time, couldn't heal himself, but supposedly could heal everybody else.


And then had to go to Zeus, gave up his IMT immortality for I think Prometheus, and then ended up mortal, and then died.


Like, that's the story. And like, I don't understand how people are trying to apply that to the real world, how they're trying to apply that to life, because literally nothing I just said has anything to do with your Chiron placement.


The closest we get to Wounded Healer is that Chiron does represent what we perceive as weaknesses and wounds.


And there is an element of true weakness here.


And this is something that we have to talk about here because you have to accept it, understand it, and do your best to support yourself, um, around this, uh, this placement and this configuration in your chart.


Because there is a weakness there.


However, that weakness can be turned into strength. It does.


Uh, there is a level of acceptance that has to come with it, um, and you know, everything else.


So again, the wounded healer thing is just, uh, is just odd.


Now, the healer part, um, you know, is not based specifically on the wound itself as much as the fact of, of where the orbit path is.


And I'm gonna get to that in a minute. Okay?


So we understand that the mythology almost never correlates.


Now, there is another person, I think I wanna say it's, I might be wrong.


Um, I think it's Liz Green, but it might be someone else, uh, who I, I'm gonna verify, so I you have the right information.


Who said Chiron is the Rainbow Bridge?


Uh, when I was researching Chiron, oh yeah, I was wrong.


Barbara Lau, Liz Green was a whole other topic I was researching earlier, um, which I don't agree with.


Barbara Han Klow, uh, created, she wrote a book that said that Rainbow Bridge is, um, is another name for Chiron, and it connects the inner and the outer planets.


And it's completely nonsense.


And I love the fact that she was trying to dive deeper and, and disseminate Chiron's purpose, and this was how she saw it.


But again, like most astrology these days, it has no mathematical or scientific backing, and it doesn't play off for everyone the same way.


And that's what's important in astrology, is that if we teach you something, you can apply it to yourself, your family, your children.


If you end up doing readings for other people, you can apply it to them.


And every single time you're gonna have an insane level of accuracy.


So her postulation is that from Mars on that Chiron somehow connects, but that's just not true.


Centar in astronomy, um, are labeled that because they have a hybrid, um, physiology, so to speak, of, um, of, of comets and asteroids, which means many of them actually have a, um, a cloud glow that they call a halo.


And, um, they also call it, oh, oh my God.


Um, I fricking Chiron right now.


I can't remember what I was just thinking.


Um, Chiron's Glow, just gonna pull it up real quick.


Coma. I don't know why I can't remember that.


It's called a coma. So essentially what happens is the ice, usually it's water based, and the ice that is, um, that is formed on a lot of planets, ends up for comets, ends up, uh, sublimating, and then it becomes vapor essentially.


And you see it, they call it a coma.


And you see that now with Chiron, you don't have a standardized coma because although there is water and ice, they believe that it is actually carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide that is creating the coma there.


But it still operates because it has an orbit as an asteroid.


So it has that hybrid feature.


Anything that sits between Saturn and Uranus, there's a very specific sector of the, uh, the universe.


They call that, uh, the Centar range.


And it's highly unstable.


And this is really what we have to get into.


There are certain other chirons out there.


Let get back up to my bullet points here.


There are certain other comet, uh, comet slash asteroids that are called Centar out there, like Nessus and Foss.


These are extremely important.


And I'm gonna have a bunch of, um, centar classes on these, because even, even those had to be really reworked into what they actually are.


So what's important to to remember is that that area, because of Saturn Saturn's gravitational pull, Uranus, Uranus, is gravitational pull.


And the, um, the mechanics of that area is that it's highly unstable.


And there's always this short term collision course, um, opportunity where, you know, any, any of these, including Chiron could, you know, merge into a planet, could be knocked off course by some other gravitational poll that comes in.


But more importantly, and this goes into the ic astronomical doctrine of signatures of Chiron, is that the, the orbit changes.


The orbit fluctuates.


It has not been the same for the last million years and over the next million years, obviously it's a slow process, but the orbit is constantly changing and manipulating, uh, due to the circumstances of everything around it.


And this lends to, in all of the centar, but specifically Chiron, this lends to the understanding that for you to accept Chiron and bring that into your life, that it's about malleability.


It is about molding, it is about realizing that there is no concrete structure here.


Now, this image is interesting and you know, is accurate as, as we're gonna get is because there's a couple of things in this image we see one of them is you're seeing a bit of the coma right here, right?


So you're seeing these gases that are coming out, and this is probably midway point.


And, um, again, it is coming from an unstable and, um, and uninhabitable type of resource, uh, which would be the carbon dioxide that is leaking out and, and the, and the monoxide.


So we have that. We have the fact that Chiron, we do not know its axial tilt because we have not gotten a clear image.


We don't actually understand its rotational period.


We, we know it's rotational period, but it's off of light spectrum.


So the way the light bounces off of Chiron from the earth, that is all we know, which means we don't know what side is up, what side is down.


And this, to me, lends to our understanding of Chiron in general, is that we don't know its structure.


And this is also gonna lend to its orbit path when I get into that.


But we don't know its structure. We know that it's oblong.


We know that it is not a perfect sphere or even a, a, you know, a bulbous sphere.


We know that it is just the irregular shape in general, which means we haven't determined its axial tilt because we haven't determined its axis.


We don't know. And it basically is just like, that's a big thing with Chiron is I don't know, and I don't like, and I don't work like, so this doesn't operate like most of the other centaurs.


And it's not a very big thing in the, in the universe.


It's like 200 miles, a hundred and some odd miles, 200 miles in diameter.


I have this somewhere there it is, uh, 220 kilometers, 136 miles.


So it's one of the largest centaurs, which is why it impacts us.


But when you compare it to a planet, it's not even close.


Even Pluto, even the moon, it's like not even close.


Now we know all of these things, but one thing that's super interesting in this image is this.


There are rings to, uh, there are rings to Chiron.


So just like Saturn has rings and just like Uranus has rings, well, those are planets and they have a stable orbit.


They have their own gravitational pull. This does as well.


It's just gonna be nominal. They have rings.


Chiron acts like its own system.


It acts like, you know, there are other, you know, um, space dust and debris and rocks and things that are actually orbiting this common asteroid, which is extremely interesting because it's not common for these, which means there's a little mini system within Chiron.


So I just want to kind of point these things out because this is super important to realize that it's not just a rock floating out there, that it actually has influence as a system astronomically.


And, uh, that is a malleable non-conformist system, but it's not, it doesn't have its own place in the universe where it's consistent.


And this lends to exactly what Chiron is in your chart.


And the reason why you have to accept it, it is always changing.


It is invariable, and it is, it is its own presence.


It is its own system, which lends to you needing to understand it and realize that it is a significant astronomical and astrological position in your chart.


Now, the next thing I wanna show you before we get into the actual effects of it is this image.


And this is Chiron's orbit path.


So red is Jupiter, yellow is Saturn, and green is Uranus.


Purple is Chiron.


So you see that Jupiter is sitting here, and Chiron comes within, you can see here, and I think it was 1997 or, or something, w it was actually within Saturn's orbit between Jupiter and uh, Saturn.


And I'm doing my own research to see how people born during that time are different and carry that signature forward versus people who were born when it was, you know, before and after when it was outside of sa Saturn's orbit.


But anyway, we had a period of time here where, um, it was actually within Saturn's orbit, closer to Jupiter.


But what I wanna point out here is that it crosses Saturn and it goes all the way up, but it doesn't quite reach Uranus.


So we have the themes embodied.


There is a grand design of the universe from the sun all the way out to Pluto and beyond that we accept and understand, uh, when it comes to grand design, when it comes to the trigonometry, when it comes to thematic expression, and Chiron's orbit, along with everything on its physical properties has to do with the fact that it crosses over Saturn.


So Saturn becomes a prominent theme, but it comes within Saturn closer to Jupiter, which is gonna bring in Jupiter themes, and then it's going to leave.


And the reason why I'm gonna talk about this real quick is because of Jupiter, Jupiter's not so much about healing as much as it is about wisdom.


It's not so much about medicine as it is about, um, you know, belief systems, belief patterns, and the ability to, um, to create a, um, mentorship, like a mentorlike attitude.


So calling, again, calling higher on the wounded healer is in, you know, in terms of articulation is just off.


If we wanna get to what's valid about it, it is wounds that we are able to mentor.


And it's based off of our own perception of these things and our own beliefs around these things, and what we've had to accept as our own truth, which is Saturn.


So accepting Chiron means to accept your own truth in this area of life.


And then it comes all the way out, right? It passes Saturn.


Now, what's beautiful about this in grand design is that it crosses Saturn and it crosses back, but it spends most of its time outside of Saturn's orbit, which means there is a structure involved, which is why there is, or there are rings to it once we get all the way out here, right?


We realize that because we're crossing Saturn, we're coming from a place of mentorship, we're coming from a place of abundance and opportunity, and we're bypassing structure.


We're including and bypassing structure, which is extremely important.


Once we get beyond that, we realize that it's, this wasn't for us, okay?


And I'm gonna double down on this. Saturn wasn't for us.


However, there is structure required within our lack of structure.


So we pass it, we come all the way out, and we get almost to Uranus's path.


And this is important, the fact that it doesn't actually reach Uranus, because when you look at a natal chart, uh, zodiac signs just gimme an image here.


When you look at, I don't want a wrong one.


Well, this isn't a hundred percent right, but it's gonna be good for now.


When you look at, at Uranus's Energy, which is right here, it's the ruler of Aquarius, and all of its themes, ignore the themes and the keywords and whatever.


And it's the 11th house, right?


So this is all embodied, is the funny audio only for me.


Are, are you guys hearing me? Okay? I hear you fine. Okay.


So it's just you, I dunno about everybody else.


I hear you fine. Okay.


Just you, uh, Sharon, you wanna pop out and pop right back in?


Okay? I will hold for two seconds while Sharon does that.


Obviously she can just watch the replay, but I don't wanna miss like 20 seconds and be like, what?


And for all of you at home have a happy vibe higher day, and she's back.


Are we good? Sharon, can you hear me now?


Can you hear me? Speaking, speaking, testing, testing, 1, 2, 3 25.


There we go. Okay, so when we're talking about Aquarian Energy here, it was going robotic Aquarian Energy, right?


Um, with the 11th house energy that's, that's going on here.


The one thing that a lot of people forget about Aquarian Energy is that, um, and I'm gonna give you guys something, um, I, this is gonna answer some, no, I'm not gonna go there.


Ske, go back. Um, Aquarion Energy has a natural inclusion.


What is that? Natural inclusion?


Well, it's, you know, the, the, uh, I'm sorry, not that the sixth house, there's a natural inclusion here for the sixth house.


There's a natural inclusion from the seventh house.


There's a natural inclusion from the fifth house.


So you automatically get all of these themes within aquarium energy because that's the way that trines, Quin COEs and oppositions work.


So therefore, um, Aquarius is energy, naturally has, uh, relatability, has, uh, an interactive property.


It naturally has a dissection of organization and, uh, you know, concern with the details and practicality.


And it naturally throughout opposition has all the Leo themes, which includes entertainment showing up and, uh, pride, pride and ego, and all of those things.


So you'll notice that whenever you talk about Aquarius and Aquarian Energy, they are the rebel, right?


They are the ones who have broken the system.


Damn, the man, like, I do it my way.


I am independent and I'm proud of it.


There's pride that comes with it.


So whenever you talk about Aquarian Energy, it's always gonna have that inclusion from Leo into it.


It in itself is not Leo energy, but it is, that is the inclusion point.


So understanding that means that when, when you're talking about Chiron, Carly goes, what?


Um, when understanding that means when Chiron comes over too, but does not, oops, does not reach Uranus, that means Chiron in your chart is a place where structures have been broken down.


Structures are not solid.


They are on their path to be broken down until they would reach the uranium point where there's pride and a brand new perspective where we've seen things differently.


We've taken the structure, we've turned it on its head, and we said, no, this is better.


Because Capricorn and Saturn's energy is best.


It is achievement success. I'm the best at what I do.


And Uranian energy comes along and says, I can do it better.


And it breaks everything down.


And then it has that pride and say, no, I do it my way, y'all do it, which is fine, it works for you, but I do it my way and it's better.


But Chiron's energy doesn't get there.


So Chiron's energy is in the process of breaking things down.


And for several reasons, this is a weakness.


So what what ends up happening is you don't feel strong in this area.


You don't feel confident. This Leo infused aquarium energy.


You don't feel confident in this area.


You feel very much like I haven't reached the point where I can say definitively that this is the way it should be.


So you default back to the major influence, which is Saturn.


So what ends up happening is you compare yourself to everyone else, to society, society being public, not the 11th house, right?


Capricorn's energy.


Silas says, that's why it's small.


You gotta overcompensate.


I mean, yeah, you can make that, um, that delineation, but you know, the overcompensation comes from a lack of pride.


It comes from a lack of confidence.


So you default back in to prove that you, you don't have that already.


'cause you haven't figured out how to do that in a way that is going to be accepted as rebellious and that other people would like mindedly.


See, like you, that's what Uranian energy is.


Uh, Capricorn's energy would be the default, but you crossed it.


You went from outside of Jupiter's perception or purview over Saturn to get out here, and this is where you spend most of your time.


But unfortunately it doesn't work.


And this is kind of that energy.


It's like you don't like the structure of Saturn.


That's why Chiron is orbiting out there for most of its time.


You don't want it that way.


You know, there's a better way, there's a different way, but you don't have the confidence and you haven't rebuilt the structure in a way that works.


So therefore you're operating most of your time in Chiron trying to figure it out.


And this is why it's so important to understand the astronomical doctrine of signatures in how these, uh, planetary energies actually play out.


Because that's what happens in your chart in the area of life that Chiron is, you have a weakness.


You do not have the structure, you do not have the conformity, you don't have the authority in this area.


You have surpassed authority in this area, which is ironic because you don't feel that way, you don't feel confident.


But the funny thing is, everybody else says you do.


So you feel with like Kyron and Gemini or Kyron and Aquarius, you feel that you are not smart because you don't have the structure of being smart.


You don't have the authority. Technically you do, but you've already started breaking down that authority.


But in the perception of everybody else, you are smart.


Like you're beyond smart. How did you figure that out?


How did you know that is the thing that you would hear?


But for you, it's like, I don't do it like everybody else.


I've seen people do it the normal way.


I've seen them be successful. I've seen them have authority.


I've seen them be the people who are looked up to.


I've seen them have the title.


You don't have any of that because you're beyond that.


And this is the part of Chiron that no one talks about, and I think is one of the most important things.


You already have the authority.


You already know how this works, but you're breaking it down now because you're breaking it down and you're in the process of refiguring it out.


There is a weakness.


It's kind of like you have, you know, you built something with Legos.


I like to go back to Legos all the time.


You built something with Legos and you start taking the pieces apart to create the next thing that you think would be better, but you haven't built it yet.


So some of the pieces are missing.


Some of the pieces are sitting off to the sides, some of the pieces you put, you know, in this bucket over here, and you still have access to them, but they're not part of the main structure anymore.


We love Legos. Yes we do, because they're not part of the main structure anymore.


Things can happen that make you open to weakness, make you open to feeling, um, not necessarily Neptune, which would be sensitive.


Uh, but it does kind of imply that a little bit because it feels broken.


Now you have to apply this to the house it sits in before you apply it to the zodiac sign in astrology, because all of us came from either pop astrology or other systems of astrology.


We all started by understanding that the signs were the most important.


They are not, the houses are far more important than the signs.


The signs flavor it, the house tells you exactly what it is.


On a personal level, the, the zodiac signs are more like a lens to the universe.


So when we are, when we are factoring this together, this is the part of acceptance that you have to understand is that this area of life is not a problem.


This area of life is under acceptance.


An area of life that you are aware of the structure and you have moved beyond it.


The acceptance part is that you don't get to go back.


Chiron's orbit, you know, is sitting, most of it is sitting as a centar out towards Uranus.


You don't get to choose to be structured in this area and be like everybody else, be traditional and all this attorney and properties you don't get to.


You've moved beyond it.


You're beyond tradition, you're beyond authority, you're beyond structure, but you're not rebellious and you don't have the confidence.


And this is where the insecurity is, because you default back to the biggest planet there is, which is Saturn.


So you compare yourself to other people.


You compare yourself to people who have been successful.


You compare yourself to what's normal.


You compare yourself to things the way they've always been done.


All of that is urian.


You default to that because that's what you naturally do when you're insecure, you overcompensate because the majority of people that you are comparing to are urian.


You can't match the Uranian person.


You feel closer to them, but you don't have the confidence.


Calm me out more. So whenever you're looking at it, and we'll pull up people's charts if you want to, but we'll talk about this.


We'll break it down with you.


Um, instead of me telling you everything, I'm gonna let you explain certain things.


But I want you to understand that the first thing you do when you look at Chiron in your chart, before you look at any aspects, you just look at the house.


You look at the, the, the Chiron Glyph, which is the little, looks like a key or spelled with a K, Chiron's, also spelled with a K.


Um, but this is it.


And I love the fact that this ended up being the glyph, because Chiron is the key.


Chiron's the key to everything in your life.


It is what makes you you, because you're in, you're in process of figuring out the better way to do it.


But no one else is gonna be in the same place as you.


So therefore it's the most authentic planet you have.


However, when you allow it to through, um, through expectation, which is another attorney and theme, when you have expectations here, there becomes a problem.


Now there's a post up in Mystic Circle right now where people are wondering how I give gifts, how I receive gifts, and my overall view on gift giving and Venus rules, gifts and the second house rules, gifts, the second house, ruler rules, gifts, and obviously Taurus rules, gifts.


Now, in my chart, when you start with the second house, it has nothing to do with Chiron.


Its rulers up here has nothing to do with Chiron.


'cause there's just, there's no aspect to them.


Um, there are specifics that apply here, but Venus ruling gifts and gift giving with Chiron there.


And not just because Chiron's there, but Chiron's ruler is Venus.


So remember through delegates, this doesn't just act like first, second, it acts like the whole damn thing.


And then second, which actually for me compounds my Chiron, it makes my Chiron feel much more intense in this area of life.


Plus, because it's Mercury or Venus, in my case, Venus, it's also bringing in all of this.


I have three planets, three more houses, uh, four technically including the third house.


So all of that energy up here is, let's see, Silas, you don't like getting gifts because you feel obligated to give one back.


Makes you feel bad if you can't give one back.


Uh, not necessarily the last part, but everything up to that point.


It's not that I feel bad if I can't give one back.


I mean, that's, that's not true. I do feel bad if I can't give one back, but that, that's probably because of the square from, um, the moon coming off of my 12th house.


'cause it squares off with this.


But yeah, I, I don't like the expectation of gift giving.


I don't like the expectation that I'm supposed to go make money.


I don't like the expectation that I'm supposed to get into a relationship.


And it was supposed to be traditional, get married, you know, buy a house, have a kid, whatever, hate it.


I don't like savings accounts.


I don't own a savings account and I never will.


That is all this energy, right?


Saturn being the accumulation, You feel like you don't react properly to them or say the right thing.


I don't have a reaction to gift giving.


That's kind of my thing is I, if I receive a gift, I didn't wanna receive it in the first place.


But secondly, when I receive it, I know that they're expecting this reaction from me, this emotional reaction.


And I look like a dumb dumb.


Like if there's that, someone threw me a birthday party once, and I walked in and I just looked at it.


I was like, cool, thanks. Because part of it's the aquarion energy that sits over here, but it's squaring off with this.


And it's just like, I don't, I wasn't expecting it.


But also it's on my birthday.


So now the expectation is ruined. I need gifts to be random.


That's where the second house comes in, by the way, second house, second house, ruler, you know, Virgo, uh, 11th house.


I like to give gifts. Like I'll get my wife on a random day, I'll just buy her an entire spa package or whatever, you know, something service oriented, something detailed, something where she's talked about it, but I don't mention it.


That's the Gemini ruler, retrogrades, mercury retrograde.


I don't say it. I'm not like, oh, I'll get that for you or whatever.


I shut up, I don't say anything.


And then eventually, one random day, I just give it to her.


And I do not want anything in return.


So that's how my mabas na is with gift giving.


I've also had it where, you know, because, uh, Ashley and I were literally talking about this this morning because of that post is the moon sitting here in the seventh house and all, and all this is, there was a very specific interaction expectation at Christmas.


We know that Capricorn rules holidays at rules Christmas.


My mother, like she, everything had to be a very specific way.


It was at a very specific time. It was a very specific way.


If pictures were taken, then, you know, my father who was cleaning up the, the uh, the wrapping paper that was on the floor suit wouldn't have to do it later.


Uh, he couldn't be in the picture. John move.


John Move was all the time.


And I'd be like, dude, like, chill out.


Stop telling him what to do.


Which again, authority stop and, and art, stop telling him what to do.


I hate that. Like even when I was a filmmaker, I would, I would, I wouldn't tell people get outta the shot.


I would say, Hey, you're in frame.


And then I basically give it to the other person to realize, oh, I shouldn't be in frame.


Rather than saying, Hey, get outta the shot because the way that I perceive authority is going to be different as well.


And how I relate to other people.


When I ran my film studio, same energy, I was the boss.


I knew I was the boss, but I never felt in that situation too much.


Like I had to overcompensate for being the boss until someone came in and started trying to run my set.


And then at that point, I still wouldn't say, Hey, it's not your set.


I'd just be like, Hey, who's directing today?


And that was enough. But I always treated everything.


I would write scripts, which is, remember, uh, for me, Venus is my third house ruler.


So writing, communication, whatever, I would always write scripts so that my actors could do what they were supposed to do, meaning I'm getting there.


I'm the screenwriter, I'm the producer, I'm the director.


Half the time, I'm the fight choreographer.


And I would say, Hey, what comes natural here for you?


So it's like, I'm supposed to be doing all this.


I know I have the authority, and this is in a natural setting where I never felt like I, it was a wound.


That's why I'm bringing this specifically up, because other places I have felt like I had to overcompensate in this area.


Often I didn't because I was in my own realm and I already had control over everything.


What if your Chiron is in Capric Aquarius?


Well, so, so, uh, Silas, mine is in Capricorn, right?


It's expressed through Taurus, but my Chiron is in Capricorn.


So it is, it is Chiron itself is, I already have the authority, but I'm breaking down authority into something that is what I would perceive much more future oriented, something that's, that's gonna be a bit more, you know, involves networking involves people and a bit more of a friendly level is going to, um, allow for a new way of doing it.


But it's gonna pertain directly into authority and structures.


So it's not that my authority is like if it was in the, I don't know, in the fourth house.


It's not my, my authority and how I process and perceive emotion or, or how I relate to emotion or my mother or my family.


It is that, you know, that, that there's a, there's an element of it being different there that does not conform to tradition or expectation.


It's already been broken down and it's perceived as a weakness because we don't know what to do with it.


But it's on us to say, okay, well the pieces are broken, what are we building?


That's what Chiron is when it's in the 10th house, or it's in Capricorn's energy, yours is actually in the ninth house.


So before you worry about Capricorn, right?


Pretty sure yours in the ninth house before you worry about Capricorn.


Okay, sorry, I'm just like, I've seen so many charts this week.


I was mainly asking, not because of like any of that, but more so because you said that it has to deal with obviously like in between Saturn and Aquarius or Saturn and Uranus. So yeah.


Okay, so How does that work?


Yeah, so you, you have what you have to, yeah, what you have to do is you have to break it apart.


And this is, I've seen, uh, unfortunately, and these new classes I think are gonna help, uh, once this book is out, I'm gonna dive like class after class, after class, after class.


Um, a lot of you guys, most of you know that it's plan a house sign ruler, but you're not actually reading that.


So like, even in the gift thing, you guys weren't reading Planet House, sign ruler, you guys were blurring all the energies together to try to come up with some sort of answer.


And we have to take it one thing as at a time as a building block.


So when you see a planet, right, Chiron in the 10th, you can't make any inference of over what Chiron in the 10th means without factoring everything else in.


So we have to use it as that building block.


We start with, okay, Chiron, what does Chiron mean?


And this is what a lot of people are skipping, right?


Um, and I, I see it all over social media, but even within Alchemistic, astrology and, and you guys, I've seen it where it's like, we'll take, you know, the moon in the seventh house, right?


And you'll just dive right.


Some of you guys are diving right into the house, which is great, but you're forgetting to define the moon.


So you're jumping right into the second step, which you haven't actually analyzed the first step yet.


And some people take it with Saturn placement or whatever.


So with Chiron, it's the same thing. What does Chiron mean?


It means that there's gonna be an element of mentorship, there's gonna be an element of things going weird, different.


There's literally gonna be the theme of, I don't like whatever Chiron is in your chart.


The first thing you say, I don't like, I don't like authority.


Traditionally, I don't like networking and friendships traditionally, or social media traditionally in third house, I don't like communication or the expectations of communication.


Traditionally, I don't like facts, figures, numbers or math.


Traditionally, I don't like early education.


Traditionally, the way they teach.


Traditionally, I don't like money or value. Traditionally.


I don't like what I'm supposed to do traditionally.


I don't like my body the way that it's supposed to be.


Traditionally. So accepting Chiron is to say that traditionally, like in the first house, traditionally speaking, my body and my motivations and my, um, even, you know, the way that I have sex and what, how my stuff works is going to be different.


I was talking recently with somebody who has Chiron in the first house, and, um, the ruler goes into the seventh house.


And when it comes to sex, there are very specific.


There are, when expectations are placed, he has a hard time.


But when it's, when there's an emotional connection and when there is a physical attraction and all of that, which would be that seventh house energy, that Libra energy, then everything's fine.


But he has a hard time with it, uh, elsewise, especially when it's like, this is the way that it's supposed to be done and, and whatnot.


We replace traditionally with the house that sits in. Yes.


So for me, I don't like authority traditionally, I don't like the way authority is expected.


I don't like the expectation of authority on me.


I think there's a better way.


I don't know what that better way is, but there's a way that I do it that's not normal.


Because when I try to do it the normal way, Chiron says, no, b***h, we, we don't do that.


We're beyond that. Beyond it.


Eighth house themes all the crap. That's accurate.


That's the point, right? Carly? I'm beyond Thunder.


Do name the movie.


Um, so when you're looking at Chiron, that's the first thing, right?


Then we look at the deck and then we look at the sign, right?


We haven't, or sometimes you can do sign decking, but we haven't gotten enough information until you say, what is Chiron?


So to answer your question, Silas, when it is in Capricorn, you're taking the themes of, I don't like, um, and I've moved beyond and I'm still figuring it out.


So I don't have the confidence here, but things don't work normal and I don't like Mad Max.


Uh, it's actually a liar, liar.


Um, I don't like this area of life as it's expected of me.


So when it comes to systems, when it comes to, um, authority, when it comes to getting things done and completing things, my weakness is that I don't complete things because I don't, if I don't feel that I'm supposed to complete that thing, I won't.


And to try to force myself to complete it is just gonna bring up my own weakness and my own insecurity within myself of whether I actually can complete it.


Because I'm expecting to complete it when I do it, because I in, because I, you know, enjoy it because there's a value to it, because I know that there's gonna be money off of it, or there's going to be some sort of value for the general public, then I'll do it.


Part of the reason why I feel like why I haven't finished this damn book, even though I wrote 80 to 85% of it a year and a half ago, is because of this.


It's because I don't consider myself the authority over astrology.


I'm just a guy who fiddled with astrology because I wanted to see if I could make it work.


And I don't like the fact that it's even called a system because I'm not an astrologer.


I don't like titles. This is this, there's value in it.


There's value and respect that I want, but I won't receive it by commanding it.


Other people can just walk up and be like, I am, you know, the authority on astrology, there are people out there who do that, and I can't do it.


It'll never work. So I have to approach it as like, look, this is what I've created.


It is different. And I, at I at the same time, have to accept the fact that I am never going to be able to say I'm the authority.


I can't. I don't want to be either.


So therefore, you know, I don't want people coming to me asking me every single question authority.


I want people to learn it, which is where the mentor part comes in.


I can help you over your structures.


I can help you with your business.


I can help you with completing things.


I can help you with raising your self-esteem and your self value.


I can, I, I can help with those things, but I struggle with them on my own self.


Even though there are plenty of people who think I'm confident.


They're like you, you know, they're like, oh, you're talented.


I don't consider myself talented.


I don't consider myself skilled.


But Venus, uh, is sitting here, um, you know, the rule of the third house, but also talents in general in the 10th house of being the best.


And I don't see that.


Like, I have plenty of stories where I know I've done things.


Like I walked into a tournament one day.


I wasn't gonna do weapons. I did forms and sparring.


My dad dropped me off and said, and I said, why aren't you coming in?


He said, I don't need to see you win anymore.


How many times do I have to see you win?


Which hurt me, it was a wound.


Um, which leads directly into this.


And I ended up there, there was another, uh, martial arts instructor from another school.


'cause in that tournament, my school wasn't there.


I was just showing up to a random tournament.


And he was kind of a father figure to me.


And he was like, what weapon are you gonna do?


And I said, I didn't practice any, I don't, I'm not doing any.


He said, well, that's nonsense. You're here.


I said, well, I also didn't pay for it, and I don't have the money he paid for me to do it.


And he made his students go get weapons from his truck.


And I ended up just picking both staff that day.


And I showed up and I was the last one.


And long story short, as I did it, I made the whole thing up as I was going.


I just pretended that I was in the front yard practicing like I used to do.


I used, I had the small patch of grass in my front yard, and I would just practice and just make up forms and just kind of like, pretend I'm fighting somebody or whatever.


And I won first place. And there were th I was the 13th.


There were 12 other people. And that's a good example of the fact that Chiron, Chiron is there.


It's like when you don't try, you win.


When you stop trying to win, when you stop trying to have that form, when you st I actually won because I didn't make, I didn't, and I, I had a, I had a trend that every tournament I ma I went to in forms being structure, right?


If you know anything about martial arts, your forms or your structure, and it just, you know, helps you condition your body into being able to control your body.


You would never use a form to fight.


And, uh, every single tournament I ever went to, I always made up my own form and then I would make up what it was called.


And I knew that it was probably offensive.


'cause I would try to make it sound Korean, even though I didn't know Korean, uh, which is that Chiron energy as well.


Yeah, I do worse when I study for a test, I just go in and go, yeah, same thing.


Tests, exams. I've never studied for a test in my life.


Um, after like one or two times when I studied for it, I, I, I, not that I confused myself, but I just felt like, why am I doing this?


Who cares? I already know this.


And that's kind of the energy here is like, I know a lot of things.


And then it's like, well, am I the authority in any of them?


No, but I don't want to be, I don't consider myself the authority, but other people see me as such.


So you have to accept that Chiron, where it sits, uh, the Chiron itself and accept everything that Chiron is, is step one.


Step two is the house.


What area of life is this happening to you?


Step three is the sign and the deck in, and then step four is all the aspects.


And then step five is, where's that ruler?


What is it feeding itself into?


And then you go from there into layering.


Um, I buy games and never finish 'em.


Yeah, I do the same thing.


I've got, like, I've had 300 games.


Uh, when I had my, my music studio, I bought over 300 games.


And I've done this like four or five times in my life.


I've got all these games and they're all still wrapped.


I've never played any of them. I buy them.


And this is the problem is that for me, 'cause it's tied into Venus, it's like sometimes I buy it just to prove I can buy it, which is the overcompensation.


Because when I was young, I didn't have any money.


I didn't have any authority, I didn't have any respect.


I didn't have any parents.


And this is how it played out at first and over time, I have to accept that.


Yeah, that was my, my upbringing.


I have to accept that in the fusion cusp area, you're doing the same thing.


You're doing it from the house that it's in, and then you are applying the secondary house, um, as a secondary influence.


And it's affecting both areas, but it's affecting it from that first area.


Just gave me a Carly moment. There you go.


So a lot of you guys who Pluto, astrology, I took a dump on astrology, apparently, according to Sharon.


Uh, whenever I see Pluto, I always see death decay, the key word is depth.


But I see that in terms of like, you know, the darkness of it.


Mine's such a loop when I go deep into the dickens, well, it doesn't loop it, it adds information contextually.


So when you're looking at a deck in, it doesn't change the house and doesn't change the sign, it changes the sec subsect of the sign.


So it's not gonna loop, loop, loop, it is just going to add directional confidence, uh, and context into whatever this energy is.


So if my Chiron was sitting over here in, let's say where my midheaven is and my midheaven wasn't there, then it would be directly into value.


So it would be the value of authority.


Now value is already there, but it'd be directly the value of the value of authority.


This would be the, the, um, the details or the criticisms within authority.


This is the actual authority within authority as it pertains to value.


So my thing with authority is not that I don't think people have authority, I just question whether or not they there's any value in their authority.


And I do that all the time within the actual authority that they have and how they got it, just structurally speaking.


FCA just explained why I don't like traditional higher education.


There you go. And I, I, I mentioned it a lot.


A lot of people who have Chiron in the ninth house, one or two things usually happens, or three, I guess one is they, they don't go to college, right?


It depends on how it sits in your chart.


But they don't go to college because philosophy, higher education, uh, expanding the mind.


It's like they've already kind of understood that and what they will do, no one can teach them.


So when it gets, like I said, you already have authority in this area.


And this is the thing that nobody realizes.


They just see Chiron and they just say, oh, I'm broken.


And there is an element of brokenness, but you already have authority, which is the challenge with Chiron.


But because you've gone beyond that authority into something that's a bit more revolutionary without the confidence of being that you default back to feeling like it's wrong.


So that this is the biggest problem with Chiron.


Why the wound hits so much is a lot of you guys have, you know, um, Chiron and Gemini.


Chiron and Gemini has to do with your thought practices, your ideas, uh, your identity.


And then depending on where it sits, this is the problem with the Chiron and Gemini thing is you're not talking about the house.


And the house is more important than the fact that it's in Gemini.


Gemini is just the way the brain's working.


Ashley has her Chiron and Gemini in the 11th house.


She actually has her Chiron and Aquarius.


This has to do with the mechanics of things.


This has to do with science and technology and science has to be a certain way for her to care about it.


She already gets that. Science is real.


Like when she teaches Alchemistic, herbalism science is a big part of it, but she's like, the science isn't enough.


We need a revolution in science.


That's the same thing as saying Chiron and Aquarius.


It's like I already have the authority around rebellious things.


She, she already knows she's a rebel, but she's not confident in being a normal rebel because a normal rebel just says, I fixed it, I've done it.


And she's like, I know that I'm rebellious.


I already know that. I look at the mechanics of things and the new way to see things, but there's more, there's something else.


There's more. I wanna, I wanna be revolutionary in being a rebel.


So that's what the 11th house creates, that friction.


So what ends up happening in groups and teams is that you don't fit in with groups and teams because you are better than them.


You are better than the people who are better.


That's not supposed to be cocky, but you don't see it.


But you are the friend who is the better friend.


You are the, and depends again on how it sits in your chart.


But on a baseline, you're the friend who's the better friend.


You are the one who networks better than anybody else.


You can connect to anybody.


Me turning on my PS five to see how many games I haven't finished.


So it's like rereading a book that you rushed reading.


'cause when I'm near an ending, I purposely take my time too.


And that depends on how it sits in your chart.


But a lot of, a lot of people just don't.


Like I said, go back to the beginning of this webinar, the it is not the wounded healer.


I want to, I want to reiterate something to you guys again.


Um, if it's in your sixth house, by the way, I just read a comment.


If it's in your sixth house, it's like, I don't like routine.


My health is already good, but in some cases it's broken down.


So there are certain things that are going to cause health issues for me that it's like I almost have an allergy to something because Uranus also rules allergies.


My mental health works a certain way when it's in the seventh house.


It's how you relate to other people.


I don't, I already know how to connect to other people, but I don't, I don't like the expectation that I have to reply to you.


I don't like the expectation that our relationship has to be traditional or contingent on certain parameters.


Um, and therefore the way that I see relationships and connecting to other people is a bit more independent.


I can be myself and I need that a little bit of that freedom, but not to the point where I'm like, separate from you.


But I also feel like I'm not supposed to have that.


So I feel insecure.


And when someone else has their independence, I'm like, I don't know if you are being independent of me, uh, in a way that is a bit too much and you're not bringing me the reciprocation that I need.


Logan reading me to filth.


It also has to do with your talents.


It's like I'm good ex you know, with the seventh house, I'm good at expressing my, my talents to the world.


You know, I've already gotten past that.


Now I'm looking for something that's better.


I'm looking for another way, a new way.


So people with Chiron attached to the seventh House may always be doing different things to try to prove that they are good at different things that they can express themselves, whether it's like design or aesthetics or anything like that.


Some people with Chiron seventh go a little too far with makeup because they have already mastered being pretty, or being aesthetic or being able to use aesthetics.


But then they take it to that next level.


And sometimes it's a good thing and sometimes it's not.


It depends on how that person has accepted Chiron.


Most people have not accepted Chiron.


I want Logan to offer a reading called Call Me Out on my bs.


It would just be Chiron. It would just mainly be Chiron.


Uh, what would Chiron relate to with the sun?


I don't like myself. Um, so yeah, in the fifth house, um, OMI if, if Chiron's in the second house or in relation to Venus, they don't like the expectations around money.


They don't like the systems around money.


And there's a different way that they see value in money.


Um, that would be a bit more revolutionary, a bit more potentially even more humanitarian.


But it would be a new way to use money, a new way to use resources.


But they tend to have self-worth issues because there's a certain level of expectation they feel like they're supposed to have over themselves and their, their values and their talents and their art.


And, uh, these people are usually highly artistic, but they don't see it when it's with the sun.


You know, fifth House, fifth House, ruler Leo Energies.


It's not that you don't like yourself, it's that the expectations that you feel like you're supposed to be something.


You, you've, you already know who you are, but you don't feel like you're comfortable enough to express that in public with your individuality.


So therefore, you tend to overcompensate by either overly expressing yourself or shutting yourself down.


Or you try to chameleon almost like a Pisces.


You try to chameleon to fit the expectations of others and therefore you're never truly yourself and you end up usually unhappy, unfulfilled, and have a, uh, a difficult time through comparison with trying to figure out what you wanna be.


Logan, stop. Um, so Kyron in the first house, I don't think I have the authority over my physical presence.


Kyron, the first house is that you, it's not that you don't have the authority.


Remember Chiron says you do have the authority.


You just feel like when you've exceeded beyond that point, you're supposed to pull yourself back.


So you don't like the expectations around maintaining the physical body.


You wouldn't like expectations around you are supposed to do something.


It's likely when you were younger that you were always told to go do something, figure out your life, go whatever.


And it created this wound because you didn't know what you wanted to do because you looked to everybody else and the expectations there.


And you maybe you've tried a bunch of things and things just don't seem to work out for you because you haven't lounged yourself to say, I already know how to do what I want.


Do I already know what I want to do deep down?


And I allow myself to do the things I wanna do in the way that I wanna do them?


Until you do that, it won't happen.


So therefore, you're always trying to prove that you can do things and you can do things like everybody else and that you're the best at them.


'cause remember, setter and energy is about being the best.


It's about the accomplishment, success, achievement, reputation.


You've, you already have it, but because we've moved beyond it, we keep reverting back.


We didn't get to Uranus. We keep reverting back to Saturn.


So you keep thinking, you have to prove yourself.


People with Chiron in the first house have a very difficult time.


'cause they constantly feel like they have to prove themselves to everybody.


I can do this.


I hated it. Go cut your nails. You need a haircut.


Like, no, I don't. I'm fine. Exactly. There you go.


And nails and hair.


Well, NN nails and hair hair's, Leo, but it's also feeds into Saturn structure.


Um, but yeah, the, for you, it's that ninth house.


It's other people's opinions.


It's like that opinion of expectation.


That opinion of this is what it needs to be.


So when you hear somebody say, you need to do this, and it's like, it's, there's no rule that says I'm supposed to do that.


It's just your opinion. You don't like how long my hair is.


You don't like how long my fingernails are.


So you're like, it makes you feel insecure.


Now you're looking at your fingernails.


Like, what the hell's wrong with my fingernails?


Uh, if I have Chiron and the north node in the 11th house, Chiron, and the, I don't like socializing, but still need to embrace.


So again, it's, you don't, it's too rudimentary to say I don't like it.


So for instance, my 10th house, Chiron, it's not that I don't like authority, I don't like a author.


I don't like power trips in authority.


I don't like people who are abusing authority.


I don't like people who are of authority, who shouldn't be.


That's where my Chiron comes in, because I already know I have authority in this area.


I not, you know, third house. I know things.


I have the answer, I have the solution.


And when I'm talking to somebody else who is supposed to be of authority, I do not value their authority.


So the reason why I don't like authority in general, uh, secondly, I have my Saturn retrograde, which is a whole other beast which adds to that.


But if we separated out my Saturn retrograde, I wouldn't have as big of an issue with authority because it would just be like, I don't feel like I have the authority in these situations, even though I know the things I know.


So therefore I can divert my, I can lower my own value in my own authority and give it to somebody else even though I know that I know what I'm talking about.


So in certain situations, when I don't stand up for myself because I feel like I'm talking to somebody who has a title, I feel lower.


I feel like I should shrink down because I don't have the rebellious nature in place in this area.


So I divert back to tradition. That person has a title.


That person's a teacher, that person's a producer, that person's blah, blah, blah.


This person's been doing it longer time, Saturn 10th house.


But I actually know more than they know doing it less time.


I developed Alchemistic astrology in nine years.


It's been nine years. I haven't been doing it for 40 years of my life.


I've been doing it for nine, not even.


It's coming up on nine. It's like I do things quicker as well.


I don't need, I don't need all of that extra time.


That's another thing is there's gonna be an element of speed.


It doesn't conform to the amount of time.


So your relationships, if you have it in the seventh house, it's not the normal amount of time.


Now, under insecurities, you can dive into a relationship too quickly, but it also isn't gonna take you long to get established when they're in a relationship that you feel is right for you with routine, when you do things, if Chiron is attached to the six house in any way, you do things quicker than other people do them.


And it's just because you're doing it your own way.


Now, if you have to do it the way that they do it, it won't happen.


You'll end up slowing down. You'll feel insecure.


Things won't work. And this is why Chiron is so important to understand and embrace and accept your different granddaughter's helping you type.


Love it.


Uh, are there any questions?


So we understand that it's not about the first house like Kyron.


The first house is not that you don't like yourself.


It is that you don't like the expectations of what a physical body should look like.


You don't like the expectations of what you're supposed to do.


You don't like the expectations around sex.


You have your own way of doing that.


And that's really one of the key words is you have your own way and you have to accept that you have your own way.


Just in Timberlake, I have, he has a similar placement than I do.


Uh, Justin Timber Timberlake.


That's not gonna give me what I want. Natal chart.


Nope. I don't want astro seek astro.com.


Okay, so we see that Justin Timberlake, Leo Rising has his Chiron in the 10th house.


Um, Chiron's orb is just a a half degree to a degree.


Um, usually chiron's affected by other planets more than it affects anything else.


Sits in for Justin Timberlake sits in, uh, the sign of Tarus, but it's in Capricorn.


So again, authority.


Now I, I was in a boy, I was in several boy bands before I ended up in r and e groups and then ended up solo, uh, when I was doing music.


But I, I had to study all of these different artists because the independent record labels I was working with at the time made me learn all of them.


NSYNC was one of them. There was a boy band called, I can't remember.


But they had a song called Jasmine.


And uh, they didn't last very long, but there was a bunch of them that I had to kind of learn, learn their songs, learn their style, um, kind of get there because we were trying to be molded.


And I hated it. I hated it. I was like, I'm not them.


I don't wanna be like them. I want our own thing.


And eventually when I got into r and b groups, we created our own thing, which was highly successful.


Where, uh, it was, I was the only white boy.


And all of the other members, uh, were singers.


And I was, I sang too, but I was, uh, I was the hip hop artist.


I was the white boy rapper. And at the time, Eminem just came out, but I didn't rap like him and whatever.


And I had that issue when I got to, um, doing the expo in Washington DC 2002 or something.


I think it was 2002, where they were like, oh, we already have a white boy rapper.


And I was just like, that really hit.


I was like, but I'm not like him and there's no expectations off of me.


I didn't rap like him. I didn't whatever.


But anyway, um, you know, I ended up doing that before I ended up going solo.


And uh, you know, the group dynamics just didn't work.


That was really my issue.


And that's my moon squaring off Justin Timberlake's chart.


When it comes to authority.


If you've ever watched any of the behind the scenes or if you're ever a fan or watched anything, he was the leader of the group, but not in an authority way.


Like if you actually watch like the dance choreography, Justin's telling the other members like, no, you man, you're supposed to be over here.


You go over here. Should we do this kind of energy?


It's the same thing. But he was kind of the leader of the group.


Even if, you know, he himself said he wasn't the best singer going from there on when it came to sustaining, which is the 10th house, um, the, the tone, the the uh, the music and the vocals, uh, through, through his artistry, he couldn't hit high notes and hold them.


He can't belt. I have the same problem, same exact, you know, not the same exact placement, but I couldn't do it.


He also couldn't do the, the trills and stuff.


So, which is that Virgo Decken.


So he ended up with, through his music coach switching to falsetto.


I did it because I had to, my vocal coach did not support that.


His vocal coach actually did support it.


So he got quite fortunate in that area that his vocal coach was like, well, we have to use the voice.


You have my vocal coach. His name was Daniel Je.


And um, this guy, uh, this guy right here was my vocal coach.


And he is a, um, he's a world renowned opera singer and he was my vocal coach and he just kept telling me I had to breathe, you know, from the diaphragm, fill it up and sing.


But he was basically teaching me opera and my voice just didn't support opera.


And all it did for me is continuously highlight my own insecurities within, you know, being good at music.


And it was, you know, through my own talents.


And it was, uh, especially through my voice, which is again my third house ruler.


So for me, this is 100% my voice.


Um, with Justin Timberlake it was different, but we have the same thing.


If he sings a high note, you'll always hear him go, Hey, instead of belting it out like another singer would.


So you have to look at that and you have to realize that this is just how your voice works.


It is beyond that. So it's broken down.


So you can't hold that because it's looking for a different way to hit that high note.


So for him, again, it's falsetto.


This is interesting 'cause I can always kind of tell JJ T's voice.


Yes, anytime, Justin.


And that's the thing is Chiron is a gift in the fact that you are literally authentic in this area.


So when you do something, when it's your talents, when it is your, uh, wherever Chiron is, people know it's you.


Like for instance, when I had my film production company, remember it's my third, my third house, which is also my eye, my artistic eye.


Okay, now mine's different.


And my in-house, uh, had an in-house post-production team and my post supervisor always told me the same thing.


He's like, dude, I can always tell when you're, when you are on camera, he is like, even without audio, he's like, I always know it's your shot because there's something that he would say was better.


And I was like, really? It's the same, same thing.


Like I know him good at it, but he's like, no.


It's like you catch things that other people don't catch.


Like you hit two in one shots, you frame it a certain way, like I can tell this is your shot.


And, uh, every single time.


And uh, you know, it's one of those things that I don't acknowledge, but other people do.


So when in your chart, again, you have to look to say this is a strength and wherever you're going to go, you have to realize that it's not a strength in a common way and it's not gonna bring you authority in a common way.


It's gonna bring you a natural understanding that you already are good at this and that you're better.


You might not be better than the best and better than, the best is better or whatever trail that is.


But you are better in a lot of ways, but you just don't have the confidence.


So when other people tell you and they will look at your Chiron placement, other people will always tell you wherever your Chiron is, wow, you are awesome in this area.


You're really good at this.


And you will always have the same response.


Eh, no, I'm not that great. These people are way better.


Always the same thing.


Chiron with aspect. Yeah, I don't see it exactly.


And that's the problem with Chiron.


We, we have that insecurity.


It feels like a wound now in some areas of life.


It actually can manifest as a wound.


Like for instance, if Chiron is in your eighth house, well there's intimacy issues because there's an expectation of that intimacy and diving deeper and you don't like it.


I don't like that we have to dive deeper.


Um, if I dive deeper, it needs to be on my terms in a different way.


Uh, but it can also around the reproductive system not work properly.


So in order to have children, that could be the same thing with the fifth house in a different way.


You might not be able to have children in a normal way.


And sometimes it means, you know, IVF or you know, someone else being involved.


It depends on how it sits in your chart or sometimes it just means in order for you to do that and find that intimacy to be able to have fun in a romantic connection with somebody else, there are certain ways that you have to do it.


For other people, it's like low motility.


If it's uranium involved, it might require the science or it might require, you know, something else that is going to allow you to actually have children.


So you're seeing a physical manifestation of something that is energetic, that is sitting as a broken down post Saturn type of influence.


So, you know, often this is usually psychological the way that Chiron plays, but it can also be physical and manifest that way.


Okay, Chiron, I'll see you soon.


Um, Chiron with aspects.


So for instance, again, in my chart, um, you're gonna read Chiron with aspects the same way you'd read any planet with aspects.


So you're going to trace it around to see what else is there.


So for instance, um, Chiron in the 10th house, everything that has to do with the 10th house, uh, type of energies where Chiron is involved, not necessarily Venus, but Chiron, which is post Venus, uh, is in a Quin Cox to Pluto, Pluto's in retrograde.


This is a lot to break down.


You have to break it down one at a time.


Pluto's in the third house after these energies.


So the Chiron influence doesn't happen until, um, we've already passed this and this, and then we hit this, this becomes the issue.


And then, um, but it's also the thing I'm supposed to identify with.


So what ends up happening is that Chiron naturally feeds into, as it pertains to, uh, structure, uh, finishing things, whatever.


This is why, by the way, I don't finish things unless I'm emotionally connected into them, is because Pluto rules my fourth house.


It's also the reason why I can't just show up on TikTok and teach.


'cause here's teaching, there's retrograde. It's reteaching.


It's finding a new way. It's finding opportunities within something that is interesting, um, but through something that's a bit more private.


This is why Mystic Circle exists, something that's a bit more private, a bit more intimate, a bit more hub, like a bit more emotionally connected, that dives deeper and deeper and deeper within the discussions.


Uh, it's also the reason why I have to work on things by myself and not with other people.


'cause everything that I teach is something I have done on my own.


Um, but Chiron's influence up here feeling like I know what I'm doing, but I'm doing it my own way type of energy, and that I'm not necessarily feeling like I'm the best at it.


Fuel it fuels directly into my identity on a very personal level.


And so therefore, that anytime that I'm feeling insecure and not really accepting and honoring Chiron, it directly crushes my mood.


And it makes me angry.


It makes me, you've seen it, you've seen it.


When I allow Chiron to get the better of me, it's like this little rage that points up like, f**k you.


That is literally how it comes out.


F**k just f**k outta here.


And sometimes it's little if it kind of feeds into these energies.


Um, but honestly, it's, it's just like this emotional kind of feeling.


It doesn't that, does that stop you from being an authority?


No, it stops me from when I allow it to be bad.


It, it makes me come across as overcompensating to try to be the authority.


And this is why Chiron's so delicate and difficult to deal with, is that the authority's already there.


But when I try to be the authority, because I'm taking Chiron's energy and pushing it back to Saturn's level, I'm no longer, I'm no longer being authentic and I'm not expressing that energy the way that it's supposed to, then I'm just trying to say, here's the way that it, that it is.


Whereas what I try to do when I'm using Chiron, and remember all this astrology is, is active participation.


Like you can learn all this astrology and apply zero of it, and it won't help you.


You have to constantly apply it.


I wish you could just be like, boop or have the little thing in the back like Neo had and be like, I know kung fu, I know astrology and like, it's just baked in.


But you do have to actively use it.


So it's like I have to kind of accept that other people aren't going to see it and they're going to divert back constantly.


If you've ever been on my lives, you know that most people keep asking me questions that have to do with other systems of astrology.


What do you think of this other astrologer?


What do you think of this other system of astrology?


What do you think of this technique that is not in your system of astrology?


They keep asking me about that because they know that I know something, but they keep reverting back and it bugs me.


And that's that, that Chiron energy, it bugs me.


It's like, just ask me a question.


Stop trying to compare something that is back there.


And then when I sink to that level and I come back and I'm like, look, this doesn't work.


As soon as I say this doesn't work in an authority level, people are like, they, they wanna fight back.


And that's just, that's just the way that it is with my energy.


So I, I have to, I have to be able to say that I know that doesn't work.


Um, and this is what I've done to kind of, and, and be able to have a conversation about it.


And that's the hard part because it's like people wanna direct the conversation.


And I don't, I can't take the authority and say that I'm gonna direct the conversation, but I can shift the conversation through the conversation, if that makes sense.


Shift the point of authority through the conversation based off of how I feel and the research that I've done, my own experiences and kind of dissecting that for people.


And that's really all I I can do.


It's ne it's never gonna stop where people keep bringing up other stuff that they've learned.


Because that is just how it sits in my chart.


And the agitation is my moon is, I'm sensitive to it.


I wish this, sometimes I wish this moon wasn't there sometimes.


Now if it wasn't, I'd be a completely different person.


I wouldn't be sitting here talking to you guys.


Um, but you know, that north node sitting in the 12th house and that Pisces Energy with its ruler over here, squaring off means I'm highly sensitive to, um, you know, to people who are, who are like, the fact that I'm rebellious kind of also creates a situation where I don't feel like I have the authority over things.


So it's like I've, I've been an isolated loner for most of my life because I feel like I see the world in a different way.


And when I join society, so to speak, I see the world in a very bad way when I'm on social media too much.


I see the world in a very bad way when I'm off social media.


When I'm not engaging with like the normal people.


I'm amazing. I I am great. Like, it, it, it is crazy.


Like when we were doing night shadow, I was doing a bunch of things.


The type of people who were on our team, like the ad for, for Sam Raey Spider-Man was our ad.


The, um, CFO for Viacom was going to be our CFO.


Like he was already on the team and a bunch of different people who had like, really prestigious.


I was like, this is freaking amazing.


It's weird that they're all coming to me and just accepting what I'm doing and just being a part of this team.


But, um, and that completely worked as I was just myself during that project.


I wasn't trying to be anything I wasn't.


But when I get in here on social media and astrology, it's like I'm in a world where I sometimes feel like I have to fight and that's where everything goes astray.


It's like trying to fight to prove like that stuff doesn't work.


And it's like I have to accept that I know something that is revolutionary that is going to change the structure of things, especially since that Chiron goes into Pluto.


But I can't force it.


So that's why I've been, even with the title of my book, even being I fixed astrology, I'm kind of like, I want it to be controversial 'cause I'm naturally a rebel, but I also want people to actually look into it instead of just naturally be like, ah, f**k this guy.


Nah f this guy, sorry, I cursed a bunch today.


Um, but it's, it's challenging because as soon as you start adding in the aspects, um, it is, it's tough.


But the best thing for me is that when it comes to community is that I talk directly to a community and then I piece out when I get into en engaged and too involved, especially with like, anything that has to do with comments, you know, talk chatter.


If I stay, I I feel it too, by the way, when I hit about 45 minutes on the TikTok live, I feel it.


I'm like, I'm done. That's it.


And remember, it's about speed.


It's about quickness, not about longevity for me.


So as soon as I hit 45 minutes, I feel it.


But then I stay on and then stuff starts going downhill from that point.


The first 45 minutes is usually amazing, can end it right there, end on a high note.


But as soon as I start hitting there, it's like I've been here too long.


But it's, you know, it's something that I have to work on.


Is there anything that supports Chiron?


You mean aspect? All of it.


This, this completely supports when I honor the 12th side.


When I honor my more behind the scenes.


When I honor my, um, you know, the tribe that I have when I honor my personal spirituality and I feed that in to my Chiron in a positive way, the way you use a square aspect, then Chiron is completely supported.


It's when I allow it to manifest in its normal way that it becomes a problem.


You're accepted here, loners unite.


Well, the thing is, I'm not actually a loner.


Um, but I, I do well on a level of being by myself or being behind the scenes, and especially here in California where my entire chart shifts and it really highlights that Piscean energy.


It's like, it's just better when I kind of do things on my own.


Most people in Hollywood didn't even know I had a studio until they worked on a project or until I showed up on their thing.


Like, who's this guy? Most people didn't know who I was, but they knew I knew what I was doing.


Like I never had, there was never a question when I showed up on a set, whether or not I knew what I was doing.


And even when I was doing background work, there were some people being like, oh, what department are you in?


I'd be like, the one that like nobody cares about just sitting here, the homeless guy sky.


So literally honoring the pause of the charts, literally vibing higher.


Isn't that crazy? Isn't that crazy? Vibing higher.


Vibing higher. Look is not, again, is not about saying for us anyway, is not about saying you have to be namaste all the time.


You know, it's about saying that there are ways that are going to be, that are going to allow you to move, navigate your life in a way that is gonna be more auspicious for you and your outcomes with positive intention.


And sometimes that's a low frequency.


There wouldn't be a spectrum of emotion or a spectrum of energy.


Even I was thinking fourth house right now, spectrum of energy.


If you weren't supposed to have free flow through it, we have to honor the low and the high.


We have to honor the trauma.


Trauma's a low vibration of Pluto.


We have to honor the cycles of Pluto.


We can't just say, oh, we're gonna transform.


What are you transforming from?


What are you transforming with?


You didn't honor what you're, what got you to that point?


You have to honor other people's intention and diving deeper.


That's all part of Pluto as you know as well.


There's no getting around it. You just have planet's.


Planet's gonna be there.


I've mentioned this a million times on social media.


I'm like, look, I don't understand why you guys are focusing so heavy on Pluto right now.


When Pluto has literally been here your entire life.


All of a sudden Pluto and Aquarius is the problem.


Pluto and Capricorn became the problem.


Pluto was in Sagittarius, Pluto was in Scorpio, Pluto was in Libra.


Your entire life, depending on how old you are, Pluto was somewhere.


Saturn was somewhere. But all of a sudden you don't care until it's your Saturn return.


Why Saturn matters the whole time.


Pluto matters the whole time. It's always, and because the moon moves so quickly, it's always being aspected something at every single point.


And then when we start getting into the theory of divisible, which is coming, you'll realize that everything is always aspected.


But that's coming later. There's no such thing as void, of course.


Anything. The idea that a planet is not aspecting something, no, every single time it's aspecting something, it's making a relationship.


The question is the strength of the relationship and whether or not it's a backdrop or a forward drop.


Is it sitting in the foreground or is it sitting in the background?


It's always doing something that moon might not be aspecting anything in your chart, but I promise you it's aspecting everything in your chart at every moment.


And on top of that, there's another theory that I am proving right now.


I am 100% sure that it's accurate, but I don't wanna talk about it.


But it does have to do with the fact that your location is consistently changing position, even if you're not moving.


Like these, these mathematical concepts are extremely important.


But this is like, when it comes to structure, I see things differently.


This is my Chiron, the 10th house.


Silas, you were talking about yours.


Yes, it's in the ninth house. It's really Sagittarian it.


But you're taking culture through structure, culture through tradition.


You're taking philosophy through history and you're seeing it beyond what it is into something else.


And then for you, it applies back down into your third house of your own identity.


So culturally speaking, you're not traditional.


Whatever you identify as culturally, whether that's ethnically or the area you live in or whatever culture means for you, which can also include religion and, and just belief patterns in general of your vicinity, your family, because of cancer's integration into the ninth house, that needs to apply into your identity in a way where you feel comfortable that you've revolutionized your own identity.


You're just not always gonna be comfortable with it until you accept it.


Which means your way of thinking and your ideas are going to be different.


Especially then your family's, 'cause yours goes back into cancer.


Mom specifically, I don't know, Silas isn't called.


You say you feel called out.


Yeah, But this is, you know, the point of this is to understand it, right?


Because the acceptance, right?


This is called accepting Chiron. You will never not be that.


So the question is, is this an insecurity?


Is this gonna hold you back or is this gonna be your strength?


Does Justin Timberlake stop singing because he can't hit those high notes by belting?


Or does he sing in falsetto to hit those same notes and therefore creates his own way and therefore is known for it?


I just wanna love you baby.


You know who that is? So accepting can't, can't be singing that high when I don't warm up.


You can't. Accepting Chiron is extremely important.


It's not about fixing Chiron.


And this is why I hate the term, the wounded healer.


You're not wounded. Yeah. I I literally can't do, like, when I have conversations with people, I can't look at them.


So you have to find a way to accept that.


You have to accept whether or not this is a, a security thing.


A security problem. Because there's no confidence in what you're, you are saying it's, It's mainly because, or if you, My my senses are all like, it's jumbled up.


Like it, okay?


Like, I'm gonna use this as an example, but when we would like read books in class, I can't look at the book and listen to what the other people are saying at the same time.


'cause now I'm paying too. I'm paying too much attention to the words and I can't hear them.


Like I can hear what they're saying, but it doesn't process in my mind and I don't understand what they're saying.


Like my comprehension, when I'm looking at the words, it doesn't work when I'm watching a movie.


I can't watch the movie without subtitles or else I don't understand the concepts, what they're saying.


Okay, so there's a conceptual that is, that is ninth house concept is a ninth house thing.


So concepts have to be, and yours in Saturn.


So there can't, okay, so when you approach watching a movie, you can't expect yourself to understand the concept of the movie and the themes of the movie.


Like that can't be it.


You have to allow yourself to kind of navigate what they're saying in your own way.


So you can do it by saying, I'm gonna read it 'cause it does go into that third house.


But you also, you don't wanna have expectations going into the movie of I understand what it is because you might have the expectation that when I watch this movie, someone's gonna want to talk to me afterwards about it.


Yeah. Right.


So you're trying to know what's going on so that you can say whatever instead of allowing yourself to immerse yourself into the movie, um, just for what it is, so that you can have a feeling about the movie later.


Hmm. Because You get hung up on whether or not you know all the details.


What happened, this happened, that happened, what did they say?


Instead of allowing yourself with Chiron, which is conceptually how did it feel?


How did it make you feel?


And putting that into words that her do Her own. Yeah. That's, that's another thing because I mean obviously that, that Venus semis exile.


I can't explain how I taste things.


Okay. Like my, my dad always hates this because he'll give something to go try and he says like, explain how, how I like how it tastes to you.


And he is like, I don't know, I just don't like it.


Right? Which makes sense.


The semis exiles to which planet?


Venus? Uh, Venus and my sex cell. Saturn.


So Venus. Venus in your second.


Yeah. Seven.


The third. Okay. And then Saturn Saturn's the roller of your Chiron.


Right? So when it comes to the expectation of Word, you have to find your own way.


Uh, instead of trying to communicate directly what he's asking you, allow your, the way you felt about it to form your words.


But the only way that I feel about it is that I don't like it so Well, you have to allow yourself to connect to that emotional side of it.


What did it make you feel when you connect it?


Because you're trying to describe it. You can't describe it.


You've got Chiron's ruler there.


So it's not about describing it or even being the authority of it's right or wrong.


It's gotta be you. When I tasted this, I didn't like it 'cause it felt, it, it felt, I don't know if it was too sweet.


You can even be like, I don't know.


And that's the thing is you're allowed to do that.


'cause there's no expectation, because there's no authority.


You already have the authority because it's your own.


I wouldn't, I wouldn't buy that. I wouldn't eat that.


It made me feel whatever.


There's a emotional Where's your moon again?


Uh, seventh house. Scorpio.


Scorpio. Okay. So there's, there's is some level of depth.


Um, Yeah, That, you know, Related one. That's also part of the reason why I can't look at somebody and talk to 'em at the same time because it's like, I feel too much.


So, so my other sense is it doesn't work, Right?


So you have to accept that instead of getting hung up on it, instead of making it feel like it's a problem, just accept it when it comes to those things.


Because it's, Saturn is the ruler of it, but it's it's a Jupiter thing.


There's an overwhelm.


Yeah, basically sensory overload, I guess, right?


Would, would be how, how I would describe it.


Right? So sensory overload, structurally heading towards uranium means there's a sense of seeing it from a different perspective.


So instead of trying to explain something the way that it is, explain something in a very different way based on how you felt about it.


So I, I've, I've heard some people say, I've heard some people say that Lollipop tasted like I hit my head on a wall and like to me I'm like, I don't know what the hell that means.


Yeah. But to them they know exactly what it means.


And then if I think about it for a second, I'm like, okay, well you didn't like it and there's some sort of like sharpness or headache that you got from it.


Yeah. That's pretty much how it is for me, Right? You have to let that be, instead of feeling like you're supposed to explain it in words that are like the way that the other person might understand it.


Allow the fact that it goes into Scorpio translation.


You have to allow yourself to say it the way that you feel it intuitively that leads into needing translation.


Think on it. It'll be, you know, think about different things, taste a lollipop, and then try to explain it to me in a way that is just natural for you to say it.


Obviously the first thing would be like, I didn't like it.


That's fine because you, you haven't found the words, but the words for you are connected to emotion.


The emotion is relating to someone else.


There's a balancing effect.


And it's through Scorpio, which is there's a depth or necessary for necessa necess, oh my god.


Necessity for translation, for transformation.


So what you say is not going to be direct into the expectations of what I would think you would say.


Like if you lick the lollipop, oh, it's sweet.


That would be the expectation.


They want to know what does it taste like?


It tastes like strawberries for you.


It's like, I, it doesn't taste like strawberries.


I don't like it. And what it reminds me of would be the best way for you to say it.


And whatever you say after that is going to require transformation.


But it's gonna give a level of depth that is probably gonna be better than words.


'cause strawberry when you're talking about food or lollipops or starburst, is this a whole spectrum?


Strawberry doesn't taste like strawberry. Yeah.


Even strawberries don't taste like strawberries sometimes in season, outta season darker, lighter.


So think on that, allow yourself to embrace and accept the fact that yeah, it doesn't work like that for you and there's nothing wrong with it, but you'll, you may find that your description when you don't like something like that ends up being more powerful to somebody than it tastes sugary.


Uh, let's see, my daughter struggles with overwhelm, attention deflection.


Understanding the energies that are causing that is extremely important.


Yeah. Like Remi. Yeah.


Uh, a lot of people connect. Cool.


Are there any remi from Oui?


Uh, are there any, um, any other questions before for I sign off here?


Sharon says, this is so funny, I understand this so much.


Kyron, Gemini, mercury in the ninth can't explain why I do and don't like something.


It just is. It's because you have gone beyond the expectation and you're seeking something different, but it's being broken down in the process, which is what Uranus does.


Your shifting perspective.


But that perspective is not locked in with any sort of confidence.


Uh, if Chiron is conjunct to Lilith, there is a kind of a double whammy with this one because there's already insecurities that are now tied into guilt and shame.


And, uh, assuming it's mean, Lilith, we have to, you know, you have to go back to the other webinar where I talk about Lilith and embracing Lilith.


And you have to allow yourself to do I still have this up?


Yay. Um, you know, you have the earth, you have the elliptical orbit, you have the, uh, lunar perge, which is where the moon is really big in the sky.


It's close whenever, whether it's good or bad.


Whenever the moon is sitting here, we feel directly connected to the moon, like our emotional security and the things that are happening, uh, are directly related to whatever's happening on earth.


When it sits here and it's small in the sky, we feel very disconnected because it feels like what we're feeling and pressure from emotional security, stability, motherhood, family, all of the things that the, that the moon brings is not relating at all to what's actually happening.


And we can feel that Lilith placement.


So that empty focus is sitting there because of the, the mechanics of an elliptical orbit.


The earth is still the gravitational pull, the empty focus becomes the equidistant point that, um, that is the focus of the moon and it's energy.


So therefore we have to set up a vertical line here, which we call the invisible mirror.


And we have to reflect these properties back onto the earth.


And this is why I used to say let Lilith out of the cage, but not off of the leash.


Because you can become very outlandish within your Lilith Lilith placement where you feel like, uh, guilt and shame over yourself, over your truest raw desires.


And if it's true Lilith, it's an outward projection.


If it, if it's in retrograde, it brings it back inward.


And then if it's mean Lilith, it has to do with guilt and shame because the things that you want and desire don't align with the earthly principles of responsibility.


Other people, uh, anything that you feel like you can physically do, your talents, all of that depends on where it sits.


And you have to reflect what it is you really want and what brings you that liberation, that freedom to be able to kind of be yourself a bit more without guilt and shame by reflecting it onto something that it aligns with on the earth.


So wherever that Lilith placement is, that's kind of the mechanism to be able to do that because otherwise you are not, there's zero grounding.


Grounding is very much an earthly principle, right?


So zero grounding, if you take that little and just run with it, it's, I like to do this and it makes me feel liberated and free and you just go do it and you have no consequence and no morals and no nothing tying it back.


Your you are dangerous at that point.


And that's one of the things with little if is you actually can, it can be dangerous, both actually physical and violent, but it can also be, um, just what you're doing is, is devoid of consequences devoid.


And you'll see people who embrace Lilith, who think that Lilith is this magical little creature inside them and they put their personality around their Lilith and they alienate other people.


And it's a very dangerous thing.


It's dangerous for themselves more than anybody else because they're gonna find out that they don't have friends they thought they had, they're not connected in the relationships like they thought they were.


Their careers go and get derailed.


Their talents are not serving them.


You know, they think that they can just do whatever they want and that's gonna bring value and money or whatever, and it doesn't.


So they'll have to learn that you have to reflect those things that you really want for yourself, whatever house it's in through whatever sign it's in, whatever aspects into what's going on with Chiron, conjunct, Lilith, it's the same thing.


But now you're bringing in a level of insecurity to your own shame.


So once you embrace and the order matters, is it Lith and Chiron or Chiron, then Lilith, we would have to dissect that and then understand that those things that you want deeply are have to be of a healing mentoring nature.


And this is why, you know, the wounded healer of Chiron, the only part of it that has any resonating quality is that other people have insecurities in certain areas.


And your mentorship is going to, um, kind of, you guys are crazy, uh, is going to, um, is going to reflect here because you have this ability to have abundance and opportunity and also be able to teach other people and have a wisdom around this area because you've already, like I said, you've crossed over Saturn.


So for you it's Chiron and Lilith.


So the insecurities and the wounds come first and then it, it leads you directly into a union with the things that you really want in this world.


So in this area, it's a, it's beyond the authority, it's beyond the traditional is what you're seeking.


And through comparison, this could be a very powerful placement and it could be very debilitating pla placement because on the negative side, everything that you feel shame, guilt, and remorse for is tied directly into the fact that you are different and that you are, you know, on your way to see things in a different way.


And there are, you know, weaknesses that have manifested both psychologically and physically.


And those things bring you shame.


However, once you embrace both of these in a positive way, you become somebody who is a mentor to help other people.


But also you can do things your own way that are going to allow you to navigate this world in a way that other people can't and be able to align that directly with things that are a bit more taboo in nature, that are not societally accepted, that are going to empower you to feel liberated and free.


So it's like you can go this, that type of connection is on a polarity spectrum because it can be very, very debilitating.


And then, you know, which it'll play out that way naturally because of, uh, you know, comparison to other people.


And the idea that you have to meet certain expectations and those expectations already b bring guilt and shame.


Whereas if you allow the liberation to happen and you say, no, I don't have to be guilty about this.


This is me, this is what I want, this is what I need, and I'm gonna tie those things into my circumstances, into my world, um, then you can find a way to find a liberation in a way that other people can't.


Fifth house Chi Scorpio successful is Sagittarius.


That's not a conjunction though, unless it's like, well it would have to be in the fusion cusp area and it would have to be within three degrees because Lilith only has 3 29 and zero.


So now you're bringing in, you're, you're talking about entertainment, recreation and a sense of purpose that is beyond what other people perceive as your purpose.


That ties in with doing things and the type of work and daily routine and whatnot that is outside of what other people deem as an acceptable, um, type of job or type of routine.


And you're pulling those two together and allowing yourself to have fun, uh, within this work.


And this work is in a field that is not generally acceptable to be working in and to enjoy.


And obviously there's more to it.


We have to break down the entire thing within the chart.


'cause now we have to know Pluto and uh, Jupiter's placement, direct retrograde, all the aspects and we have to tie them together because they're in the fusion cusp area.


So your Chiron is, is impacting your sixth house and your Lilith is impacting your fifth house.


And they're doing so through not just the, the conjunction but through the actual fusion cusp area itself.


Pluto's in the sixth and Jupiter's in the 10th.


So there you go. And you know, it's gonna come down to saying, I don't care what you think and this is the big thing.


It's like it's, I it's not, I don't care what you think buzz off, it's, I'm not going to conform to your idea of who I should be or what I should be doing.


And you might not like what I do, but I do.


'cause when I do it, I feel great.


And that has to be something that you embrace and then you apply it into the rest of the chart.


Cool. Alright, so I'm gonna end it here for the replay and then we can chat a little bit more about it if you guys need to.


I wanna thank everybody for joining us here on the Accepting Chiron, accepting Chiron's placement and everything that comes with it, webinar.


And I hope this helped you vibe higher, take care of y'all.






COMMENTS: Q: i might be a little late on watching this replay but i wanted to give this a shot with my own chart. so here goes nothing.. i have chiron 9H, in leo (aries decan). this would play out as i don’t like the expectations on higher education, religion, etc. i am insecure about putting into action a creative approach to these themes. or having taken a different route to gain the knowledge, even though i deep down know the traditional way wasn’t right for me. it can also either make or break a partnership if i begin to lack the confidence to communicate different approaches to these themes, with chiron sextile my mercury (7H, libra decan, gemini) even though it is what i am naturally good at with chiron sextile descendant (7H, libra decan, gemini). Merucry & Descendant are actually conjunct at 12°. however, since it does trine my with my venus (5H, sag decan, aries) i am still able to give praise to people that do value higher education and are able to forth motion into bringing it to life. however these are also the people that i am setting myself up to compare myself to.  does this sound at all right?  😅 




 ANSWER: well, the direction of Energy Flow is important. So the sextile is *from* the Descendant and *from* your 5H Venus so those feed into that Chiron energy. Value for your own expression and money related to the father fed your insecurities seamlessly around culture, college, and adventure as did the meaningful connections you’ve made and desire to connect to others and potential romantic relationships. Q: I wish I asked this in the webinar, but I was told Chiron has a 50 year return does that play into midlife crisis? Or do you feel there’s not enough information to truly know? A: midlife crisis is a series of aspects starting with the Pluto square, then Neptune square, then Uranus opposition. Chiron return factors in there as well later on.