ASPECT SPECTRUM:




Thank you so much for being here and welcome to the aspect spectrum webinar.


What we're doing here is helping you understand the major aspects within Alchemistic astrology.


There are seven of them.


In other systems of astrology, there are five because they ignore the, uh, semis sex tile and they ignore the Quin Ks.


We want to make sure that we understand that every single one of these 30 divisions within the 30 degree divisions within the 360 degree wheel is important and is actually a major aspect.


As you see here, it is a journey through the major geometry.


I called it a solar lunar tail.


Go ahead and mute your mics, guys.


Cool, thank you. Uh, I called it a solar lunar tail, uh, because move this real quick.


There we go. Because what I'm gonna be doing is using the sun.


I'll explain this in just a second, but I'm gonna be using the sun in the moon just as examples, but this will apply to anything.


Another thing I wanna preface that I'm gonna mention again in a second anyway, is that what we're doing is using the houses kind of for reference, but this goes to any 30 degree aspect.


The geometry, the major geometry between them is that the 30 degrees are the major aspects.


This can happen within an orb of influence within the same sign, within the same house.


If you have something at zero degrees and something at 28 degrees, it can be semis, sex tile, if you have something that is in the first house, in the second house, it can be sex tile, it could also be conjunct.


Just depends on the degree.


So this is where the math and the geometry are extremely important.


The way that I viewed the aspects, um, when I was first getting into it, and the reason why aspect spectrum came about is I saw so much conflicting information and not as much with conjunctions.


I think people got that this is here, this is here, they're together.


Now there's, you're gonna see that there's more to it than that, but I saw that when we got to the semis, sex tile, nobody talked about it.


No one knew what it meant.


When I got to the sex tile, they usually defined it as a mini trine, and I was like, this just doesn't make sense in the square.


There's a lot that they get, but there's a lot missing in the trine.


I think that's the one most people get is that this one, and this one is like, that's the flow of energy, but there's still some stuff missing.


They ignore the Quin cos and the opposition, I think is the worst one.


I think it's the most misunderstood aspect.


And so I'm excited to teach it to you so that you guys understand it.


When you see it in your own chart, when you read for a client that you look at that you say, ah, this opposition is doing this in the chart, and here's how you resolve it.


Because there are three versions of an opposition.


There are three versions of a conjunction, and there are three versions of a square.


And this is why I had to create the aspect spectrum, because what I realized is that through the major energies, it's a, it's more like a, a trek that these energies go out on like a journey like embarking on this adventure. And From the conjunction when one planet stays behind and the other one leaves the relationship is a gradual.


Um, it's a story, it's an evolution.


It's one thing leads to the next, leads to the next, leads to the next, leads to the next, and it gets all the way to the opposition.


So I try to summarize it for this webinar, so I hope you enjoy it.


And then the reason why this is so important is when you're talking about, you know, an aspect, let's say a conjunction, you're gonna see that a, the order matters and which one in terms of which one comes first and how far away it is and whatnot.


We'll dive into that when we get into the course.


But the minor aspects, which are 15 degrees that you'll read in my book, I fixed astrology.


Those are super important.


Understanding why, why and what the 15 degree aspect is.


We're gonna, in this webinar, we're gonna talk about the conjunction, we're gonna talk about the semis sextile, but there is a 15 degree aspect that I call the a junction.


And the ad junction is a journey between the conjunction and the semis sexal, and it actually is a subconscious fusion of both of them with a bit of a misinterpretation and then a resolution.


So I'm excited for you guys to read that in the book and see if you have that in your chart.


And then we'll talk about that more in mystic circle.


So let's go ahead and get into this, because I was excited.


Okay, so here we go.


This is the quick guide you guys are going.


How do you spell that ad junction?


Uh, literally conjunction remove the CON and put a d as in like, um, uh, I don't wanna go through all the definitions.


Um, it means next to adjacent would be another word that uses that ad junction.


Yes, Tini, put it in there. That's the correct spelling.


So you're gonna get this PDF uh, in the replay right now.


You guys are just obviously watching the screen, but anybody who's watching this on the replay, now you will have this PDF.


Make sure you find it, download it, it is yours.


Um, I created this as just a quick guide.


This is how I'm setting it up.


There is a bit of a format reversal that I had to do because of the way that I'm displaying it.


You'll see that in a minute. But, um, what you're gonna see here is perception and then reality.


So you're gonna see how the energy's naturally gonna play out.


I just realized I have, uh, two periods.


Uh, the way this expresses, this predictable often creates a conflict with the, uh, the entire scenario.


So essentially this, everything that says perception in this is how you can expect this energy to plague out, which like I said, usually causes a problem because when we get down to planet one and planet two, planet one's the problem, planet two is the solution.


But the way in our perception is that we think that planet one has the right of way and that planet two is the problem, when in reality that's not the way it actually works.


And the reason why aspect spectrum came about is because I realized, and here's a fun fact for you that I put in my book, is that the orbit of the earth, if you were to remove the al rotation, meaning just do orbit, do not do spin the earth, the the yeah, the earth going around the sun, the sun would rise in the west and set in the east if it did not rotate, which is an interesting thing.


And there's a lot that goes into that, which I dive deep into the, into my book to say, well, what does that mean?


There's also a perception based on the direction of the spin, which is counterclockwise of why the sun rises in the east and the west.


That's a perception of us leaning into it.


Naturally, it goes the other way visually, it would go the other way.


So therefore, when I was looking at the aspects and I started looking at, you know, and when I started creating energy flow, I started realizing, what if I'm supposed to illuminate because of the sun bring vitality to the relationships of these planets.


The aspects backwards.


And that's how a aspect spectrum came.


That's how, uh, aspect resolution came about was I looked at it backwards and it worked.


And then I started having to apply what is each aspect to get to this.


So again, this perception, understanding this is the problem, will aid you in identifying what needs to be adjusted towards opportunity.


So realizing that the way it's naturally gonna play out is often gonna create an issue, the reality, which is based on the solution, this is what's actually going on.


It's the solution to realize and align with being able to reorient the trajectory of each energy lets all of the pieces connect in their natural relationship with the least amount of friction.


And that's really what we're talking about with alchemy.


We don't want the friction, we don't want the problems, we want a solution and we want something that feels it's easier.


So that's why we understand what is the conflict to begin with.


And going in the opposite order to say, okay, here's how we have to resolve it.


And then coming back and using both energy simultaneously.


You do not wanna say, oh, I'm supposed to align with that and ignore the energy you're dealing with.


It's also called aspect resolution.


Planet one is the planet they thinks they're in the right but actually needs to recalibrate for success.


Planet two is the planet that seems to the the, I gotta, before I give you this PDFI gotta fix these typos.


Um, the planet seems to be, or uh, mercury retrograde, the planet seems to be the problem, but needs to be aligned with.


And then this entire thing is from the vantage of the sun.


You guys know that vantage means we're, we're looking at it from the perspective only of the sun.


You'll see me reference a little bit of vantage on the moon throughout here.


It's not perfect because sometimes we need to, to kind of come back, but we're gonna be basing it based off of the sun being anchored.


So we're going through to be anchoring the sun at the conjunction point and then following the moon through the seven major aspects.


This is basically your, uh, stenotic cycle, guys.


This is how the, the sun would move in a stenotic cycle, but this is similar to it where the sun is here, the moon goes through all the phases to the full moon and then comes back to the new moon.


This is very similar to what's actually happening.


We're only gonna be doing the seven major aspects, not the minor aspects.


That's gonna be saved for later.


And it's in my book, although we're only, although we're displaying a natal chart wheel, the aspects are based on the degree relationships, not house sign element or modality.


Everything comes down to the math, the trigonometry, the geometry.


All right, any questions so far? Are we good?


I think this is pretty self-explanatory.


I'm going to assume you guys are good.


So the conjunction point, this is the first one.


This is where we embark on the journey, these two planets, and there are different types of conjunctions that you're gonna see here.


But the con the, the initiator is going to be in this journey, the conjunction at what we call the point of exactitude.


This means there is one is not in the lead, they're literally there.


If it's, uh, 10 degrees, five minutes, five arc seconds for the sun, then it is also 10 degrees, five arc minutes, five arc seconds for the moon.


It is the exact point where they are conjunct.


Neither one is in front of the other.


So the perception, the way that you see this is that the sun wants to shine.


The moon can feel like it's restricting the sun from doing what it wants to, but both of them are being forced to share the same space.


A lot of times you're gonna hear that conjunctions are easy, conjunctions are natural.


These two planets are just, they're there and they work together.


And there's truth to that.


They are forced into the same space they are occupying, but the sun wants to do what the sun wants to do.


The moon wants to do what the moon wants to do, and the moon is not the sun.


So therefore it doesn't know how to operate with the sun naturally.


But you'll find that these things always happen, whether it's a transit or it's in your natal chart.


Solar energies cannot operate without lunar energies.


At the same time, they actually through their aura fields, they actually connect and they mesh.


So the reality of it is that neither one of them is planet one.


Neither one of them is planet two.


So technically they're both planet one is the way that I wrote it here.


Both of them are equally supported.


Now, this part right here, when I say planet one, planet two, remember planet one thinks it's not the problem, but actually is planet two feels like the problem, but it's actually the solution.


And then you work them together within the l or within the aspect.


When I say equally supported, you're gonna see this throughout supported.


That means that is the energy that we are focusing our efforts into.


And this is gonna be very important within the aspect spectrum because when you have an aspect, one planet, unless it's at a point of exactitude, one planet is actually the one that we're leaning into to support it, to be able to move forward with whatever we're trying to do, especially from the vantage point in this case of planet one.


Now, what's actually happening here is the sun and the moon's energies, they're meshing together evenly.


Both must accept each other's presence and resolve as one.


And this is what most people can't do.


They try to, they try to, like, if your sun and your moon and your chart are actually conjunct, and this is a point of exactitude, it's a little bit different if the sun comes first or the moon comes first, but they don't really understand that in order to, um, to feel like they have a sense of purpose or find their inner child to be able to express themselves, they have to feel safe.


Sometimes they just wanna do what they want and they're like, I don't know why I can't do this.


It's because you're not including your element of safety.


You're not including, how do you feel about this?


They work together and they merge as one for the same exact thing.


This is the thing we're looking at conjunction focus area.


The focus is evenly distributed and weighed equally between the two planets.


This is what we call the initial handoff point.


So you're gonna see handoff and you're gonna see turnover.


Handoff has to do with before and after conjunction, and you'll see it in opposition.


What this means is that the two planets, the one that is planet one and the one that is planet two are going to switch places here.


They're together. The handoff is happening right now, but it hasn't completed because in this case, the moon, which is the faster planet, has not overtaken the sun.


So this is the handoff point, but the handoff has not occurred yet.


Uh, right, so they, they flip leadership positions.


So this is a conjunction.


Now also a conjunction is the separation behind beyond zero degrees.


So now the moon, as you can see here, has taken the lead.


The sun is here, the moon is moving away from the sun.


So the perception is that the sun is trying to express itself, but it's, it's expecting the moon to be working with it.


The moon is not going to work with it because the moon is leaving, the moon's going off on its journey towards something else.


So therefore the sun is gonna feel slightly out of sync or misdirected because of the moon.


The moon is gonna feel like an obstacle at this point, even in a conjunction, it's gonna feel like an afterthought that tethers something back in this case, planet one and planet two, from here until the turnover point, you're gonna see that planet one is supported.


So in order to resolve these energies, they are for the purposes of the sun, not the purposes of the moon, but the moon still feels like the problem.


So if you only focus on the sun without understanding the moon, even though we're supposed to resolve for the sun, it becomes a problem.


So the reality is the moon is moved to the forward position further in the journey than the sun, even if only by a little bit, could be a couple arc, minutes could be a couple degrees, and we're only using true aspects right now, which means the sun has a 10 degree orb of influence.


The moon has a a three degree orb of influence.


So we're assuming zero to three orbs, three degrees orb right now beyond three degree orbs.


It's a forced aspect. It's a whole different thing, whole other webinar, but you'll read about that in the book.


So the sun needs to direct the shine for its own purposes into the needs of the moon to work together again to serve what the sun is trying to do.


So it's working with the moon, but instead of it being an afterthought and something that's stopping and it says I'm going to through foresight, say, oh, that's what you're gonna need.


So I'm just gonna bring that in now.


So the sun initiates first and then the moon, but the moon is the leader, the moon's further along.


So the sun is like, where are you going?


Where the hell are you going? What are you doing over there?


I don't, I don't know what you're doing.


So, you know, understanding what the moon needs, bringing that in, saying, okay, and then letting the sun do its thing.


Now after the conjunction, now we're moving away.


Now we've reached, you know, past some minor aspects and now we're into the 30 degree semis sex tile relationship.


And the sun feels it cannot shine because of the 30 degree relationship with the moon.


This is the way that it comes across.


This is, you see this all the time when it comes to the father.


It feels like the mother stops the father from doing his thing unless, and this is the key with the reality, unless the mother is considered.


So if you have this in your chart, this is how this works.


This produces a hard stop or a reason why the sun feels stagnated.


And then you always feel like, because of that, I can't do this.


Sometimes it's seen as an unseen or not seen as the unseen challenge, and sometimes it feels like oil and water.


These two things just don't mix.


The reality is that the moon has reached a 30 degree advancement into an area the sun doesn't understand.


It's not because of modality or element, it's a conflict of here versus there.


It's kind of like a blind spot.


The moon's new needs, the moon's new needs need to act as a next step for the sun to know where to shine properly.


Uh, the blind spot is the lack of the understanding of the moon.


So basically this blind spot is like, what are you doing over here?


Why do you need this? I've been trying to shine.


I've been trying to, in in the first house, I've been trying to do this, but I, you know, moon, in the second house, I feel like I'm not making any money or I you're just not directing what you're trying to do towards what your actual needs are.


Uh, this can also be like, I'm trying to do what I want to do, but I don't feel comfortable.


So things are not working for me because I'm not allowing myself to feel emotionally and materially comfortable with that second house energy.


As long as I start doing things that I feel that way, everything will be great.


I'll move on. The sun can shine again. It's the planet.


One is still the sun. Planet two is still the moon and planet one is the one that's supported.


We're doing it for the actions of the first planet, not for the actions of the second.


So when in a semis sextile, when I say you need to lead in and and support that second planet, that support needs to be there for the vantage of the second planet.


But for the vantage of the first planet in a semis sex tile under 90 degrees, you are not doing it for the moon, you're still doing it for the sun.


You're trying to take what is here and move forward with that, you know, question so far, keep it moving.


The sex tile is the next one on the stop.


We hit 60 degrees away.


And what ends up happening is the sun sees the moon.


I know you're there, but doesn't really know to what degree the moon matters.


Like I, and sometimes it can feel not like a hard stop, but like I'm trying to do something, but that thing's kind of getting in the way and in reality it's not a conflict and it does work together and it will always be present, but there seems to be missing context that makes the sun feel like it's left out of the discussion.


Like we're talking and you're talking about something I don't know about, and you're, you're kind of steering this conversation in a way that I don't get and there's something missing from the equation.


And that is the moon requires something and I need to include, it's a partnership buddy buddy type of aspect.


I need to include that in what I'm doing.


It is the difference between I hop in my car and I go, do I go drive and go to the places I need to go versus my wife is coming with me, I drive to the place I need to go, and she's like, we need to go to the store.


Now, the places I was going, I'm like, well, why do we need, and there's this whole conversation like, I didn't know we need to go to the store.


I was only going here. I, and it becomes this like, not like we're fighting, not like conflict, just like I didn't intend to do that.


So understanding where the moon is, you bring that back into the sun, the sun can shine by including the moon and saying, okay, we're bringing this along.


And then saying to the moon, how much, how much of you do you want to include here?


Because conversely, from the vantage of the moon, there is an assumption that the sun is already included, that we're already, this is already done, but we're not talking about the moon, we're talking about the sun.


The sun's like, you're up there, what do you need?


What do you want? And once you understand what those are, you say, okay, there's gonna be an element of this in the third house, there's an element of siblings and communication ideas, identity, thoughts where I can't do something unless I've actually thought about how I feel about it.


If I just try to go do something impulsively and I haven't thought about it, it never works out right?


And then I always have to reconfigure something or I feel like I, this isn't the right thing for me.


Again, planet one still supported, um, the moon.


So the reality is the moon's at a cross point from the sun, they're at the angle that that cre, I already switched it.


Sorry, moon has new information.


Yeah, we didn't get there. Sorry, I must have hit a button.


Uh, the sun sees the moon but doesn't know what the green matter is, blah, blah, blah.


The moon has new information, new opportunity.


A level of the moon's position is variable, but is an absolute factor in, in directing the sun's expression towards something productive.


Again, planet one supported square, you already saw this one.


So the square is the one that most people are like, I understand that there's friction.


I understand that there is tension, uh, conflict, but I don't know why and I don't know how to resolve it and I don't really understand what the hell's going on.


Most people look at a square and they're like, ah, it's bad.


And it's like, well, it can be and it can absolutely cause things that, that, you know, two energies don't mesh right, and there's a reason.


So the perception, the way that it feels is that the sun is in conflict with the moon and wants to challenge it to overtake it.


So the first planet is like, I don't know what the hell you're doing over there, but I'm gonna do it and I'm gonna take over this space because you're not relaying anything back to me.


So I'm just gonna assume that I'm supposed to be here.


There's a conflict, like I don't want you there, this is my space too.


The moon's themes will be usurped or ignored in favor of the sun dominating for the space.


And this is what creates the frustration and requires attention.


The reality is that the moon is at a cross point from the sun and they're at an angle that creates conflict when not properly managed equally.


And this is the key word equally in this case, the sun's expression is where the focus needs to be.


We're aligning with the needs of the moon.


It's about the first planet here.


This is what's important is we're talking about a square and there are three versions when we're applying towards 90 degrees.


So 88 degrees, 89 degrees, 89 degrees, 30 arc minutes.


We haven't hit 90 degrees yet.


The I know what's happening, I'm hitting up and down on this track pad mouse thing.


The sun is in conflict.


It thinks it's supposed to overtake it, it doesn't know what the moon needs or wants.


And with the square, both planets have to be used kind of like a conjunction.


Equally, they're both coming at it from different angles.


And instead of the first angle saying, I'm gonna overtake the second one, it's like, no, no, no, respect me.


This is what I need just as much as you need this, I need this.


We're coming at it from different approaches and from there we get to build things magically.


That's what the square is all about.


But applying towards 90, you're still doing it for the purposes of the sun.


So this square, while we are not overtaking the moon, we're balancing out the knees to use it simultaneously.


We're doing so because the sun needs to shine.


Now, when we go to the next step, the square hits the point of exactitude.


And the perception here is that the sun is in conflict with the moon, right?


Point of exactitude means 10 degrees, 10 degrees we're right there.


Neither planet's in the lead.


You can see here that planet one is equally supported.


Planet two is equally supported.


Neither one is in favor, both are in favor at the same exact time.


I wanna point out that the point of exactitude is very rare.


Now you do see it in certain places like for an opposition.


The north node and the south node are always at a point of, of exactitude.


The vertex in the in vertex are always at a point of exactitude.


The first house and the fourth house for a square are always in exactitude.


However, planets there aren't.


So, you know, a lot of this, when we get to exactitude, it's very, very, very, very rare for it to feel like it has to be equal.


And the closer you are to exactitude, the more equal it has to be.


But there's still a favor when it's not exactly at 90, does it slightly favor the sun or does it slightly favor the moon?


So the challenge is that the sun's in conflict wants to overtake it, everything from before.


But the difference is that the moon's at the cross point, and we're sitting here marks the turnover point.


And this is why this is so important, is that this part, we are 25% through our journey in the aspect spectrum.


And you know the major aspects which create 180 uh, degrees of the wheel or half of the wheel or half on that first part of the journey.


And what ends up happening is that this turnover point is where planet A will shift to planet B.


The favor is gonna switch.


So while the sun remains planet one and the moon remains planet two, what you're gonna see next right here is separating beyond 90 degrees.


Is that the, it's not for the sun anymore, it is for the moon.


So even here at a 91 degree square, 92 degree square, everything's the same except that the sun is lending its services, lending its energy to support whatever the moon needs.


And that's from the vantage of the sun.


So the sun's still gonna shine, but it's saying, here you go, moon, take it over.


Go. And this is called a turnover point because the focused planet is now different When we get to the trine, which is the next one in the step in this journey, is there a question?


No. When we get to the rine, this is the one that everybody thinks is so easy.


This is the one they're like, ah, trine, that's your talents.


That's like, you know, so easy and blah, blah, blah.


And the reality is the perceptions that the sun directly contributes to the moon, and this is 120 degree angle, it seems to come very naturally and typically, typically goes unnoticed because you are not actively doing anything.


So whatever's happening with planet one, it just feeds itself into planet two.


Now, in a true aspect, where again, the moon's three degree orb of influence, this feels very normal.


Just like, oh, okay.


When it's a forced aspect, you start realizing when you break it down, like, oh my god, it feeds it in, but the second planet didn't want it or the first planet didn't want to, like the second planet is reaching back, say, Hey, give that to me.


That's a forced aspect, but in a true aspect where it's within both orbs of influence, it's just a natural flow.


And yeah, it's kind of a behind the scenes thing.


We don't really actively know it's happening.


But when you break it down into natal chart, you're like, oh, that contributes to that.


Aries energy naturally contributes to Leo's energy.


So starting something automatically contributes to sustaining something.


You know, I sparked it and I created it like one, two.


That's just the way that it works.


The, the blood flows through the heart like it just is.


And if there's something wrong with, and this is where the key is, if there's something wrong with the heart or so something wrong with the blood, it affects the heart.


So the reality of a trine is much deeper.


It's that the moon is a receiver for the sun.


Whatever energy comes from the sun, it does indeed affect the moon without interruption.


However, without intentional alignment, the sun can distort or disrupt that flow and the moon can receive something it doesn't want.


Or in the case of the moon gives it the feels of being insecure, unsafe, uh, and feeling like there's no emotional security foundation or whatever.


But the sun also needs to know what it's sending.


So that um, and and beyond that also know how is the moon set up to receive it.


So if you have the sun here and the moon's here and the moon is like, I don't know, let's say Pisces, right?


Let's say it's the fifth house in Pisces.


So you have a Scorpio rising while the intensity of the sun that might be here, that feeds into, you know, naturally Scorpio feeding into Pisces, that intensity is supposed to go through release.


But if you're already crying and you're depressed and you're haziness, then any sort of vi vital intensity that feeds in is just gonna make you feel even worse.


And that's why shrines are so damn challenging.


But nobody brings this up because not only do I have to know what I'm sending, I have to understand how I'm receiving it and if I'm ready to receive it.


And you have to line both of those energies up because ultimately it favors again the, the moon is the one that's supported to be able to carry forward.


And this is its journey along the arc.


Then we hit the Queen Ks.


One of my favorite aspects just because it just one of those like nobody wanted to figure this one out and uh, all they really know about is these two don't really go together and there's some sort of balancing you're not supposed to balance.


That's actually the key is you don't try to balance these energies.


So what has ends up happening, this is the same as the first to the sixth house, but the sun here at 150 degrees to the moon, the sun and the moon may feel like they're at an impasse.


My energy and your energy, we are just not combining.


I don't have anything for you.


You don't have anything for me.


You do your thing, I'll do my thing.


We can't do it at the same time. F it.


That's what it feels like.


It becomes a point of separation and compartmentalization, you're over there, I'm over here.


But the reality is that the moon is a natural receiver for the sun, kind of like a trine, but the two are not meant to merge together.


And that is key. So it's not when people are like, oh, you gotta balance it out, you gotta bring 'em together.


No, that's the worst thing you can do with the Quin cos the sun just has to aim its influence and the direction of the moon.


So the moon can do with it what it needs to and take that extended but detached support.


So essentially, you know, I am, if I do something right, first and sixth house action health, if I do something with my physical body into the sixth house, it naturally contributes to my mental health.


But if I actively focus all my energy on mental health, then I'm not doing something anymore and it's gonna make my mental health deteriorate.


Because you're not supposed to merge them, you're doing it from here and it's just direction.


I'm talking to you, I'm not talk, uh, we're not having a conversation, I'm just talking to you.


You're gonna take the information go away, but what if it's you I'm supposed to talk to?


Well, I just direct it to you so that I'm talking to the right person.


So if you're like a CEO and you've got six people under you and you're talking to this person when you're supposed to be talking to that person over there, that's, that's where a Quin co feels like it's off.


It's like, well, who's supposed to get the information and how it goes over here.


I'm not doing the job, I'm not having a conversation with you and you are not talking back to me.


We're not, we're not having a two way street here.


You're just receiving it and let's just pretend it's an email.


You're not even there. I'm just sending it to the right person and then they're gonna take that information and run.


That's what a Queen Cox is.


It only goes in one direction though, so it doesn't go from moon back.


It only reacts from moon back.


So if the sun is, is there and it's not delivering properly to the moon, the moon gets unsettled and that's where that reactive energy happens.


Second planet, the moon, that's what's supported opposition.


Now this is not a direct opposition, this is applying towards 180 degrees.


We have not hit 180, we are right before it.


So let's say 10 degrees, seven degrees, this is right before the full moon.


This is right before the direct opposition at the point of exactitude, which will be the next step.


So the perception here is gonna be the same as any opposition.


However, there's a one planet feeding into the other in a certain way.


So the perception is that the sun feels like the moon is the enemy for it to shine.


It feels like it has to remove the moon's influence or it feels like it's being detracted and that there's problems from it.


This happens all the time.


And the reality is that the moon is finalizing its arc journey through the spectrum.


Understanding and offering and inclusion from across the axis gives the moon the support it needs.


The sun needs to operate where it is.


So a lot of people talk about balance and compromise and there is an element of compromise.


But the truth with oppositions is that both need to work concurrently.


This is where most people mess up.


They think that it's all about compromise, when in reality it's about balance and fairness, not compromise.


It's to say, and and, and there will be a natural compromise.


But says, you are doing this, I am doing this.


I will continue to do this, but with what I'm doing, I'm gonna lend my support to you without interrupting what I'm doing.


You are going to, in this case, because it's not a point of exactitude, it's not gonna be reciprocated.


So the sun's leaning it to the moon and the moon's gonna react.


But the moon needs to accept and continue while the sun's doing it.


And you can do both at the same exact time, within the same exact thing.


But the moon focusing on this part of it, the sun's focusing on this part of it.


So in the first seventh house axis is like, I'm going to tend to your emotional needs, but I'm going to express myself in my own way that supports your needs while also supporting myself.


And then wherever the ruler of the first house is, if I do the opposite and feel like I'm trying to do what I'm trying to do and you, because the moon is in opposition, you are a problem.


Or from the moon's vantage, the moon is trying to be like you're not, you're not, um, you don't feel safe and secure.


You're not paying attention to the needs of your partner.


Everything you wanna do is in violation, so to speak of what your partner feels safe with.


You have to say, no, this is what I want to do and I will tend to your needs, but I'm not gonna give up who I am or what I do.


And that's where the, the compromise can come in.


But you're not saying I'm gonna sacrifice anything unless there's Pisces in there.


I'm not sacrificing this.


I'm just saying, you know, I need to balance this out and include it back and forth.


Okay, and then finally in the aspect spectrum, we reached the opposition point of ex exactitude at 180 degrees.


The sun feels like the moon is the enemy.


Nothing changes here except that the moon reaches final moment in the journey from togetherness at the, at the conjunction to standing on the other side of the world.


A balance needs to be struck not to meet in the middle, but to offer the strengths of each energy is kind of what I was just explaining, uh, to the other without losing sight of what The energy is and where it stands.


The sun shines to illuminate the subconscious of the moon while the moon offers memory to the sun so that it has security in its purpose.


This is the second handoff point, switching leadership.


So what's gonna happen is that planet one has been the sun, planet two has been the moon.


You're gonna see it flip in just a moment because this is a handoff point.


This is extremely important.


Again, this is the handoff point.


The handoff has not happened until a moment after this where the moon continues on its journey.


So this is where like the second and the eighth house where you cannot build your own resources without debt, without other people's resources, without diving deeper, without business, with like, you need all of those things to be able to feed in and then your value feeds into that.


Your equity, your resources feed in.


That's why there's like, um, what do you call 'em?


Down payments or um, collateral, right?


Those two bounce back and forth equally when they're at the point of exactitude in which the houses always are.


Now this is one of the biggest things here is the 180 rule.


Now in, in filmmaking, the 180 rule is I have person one and person two and there's a line, an imaginary line that goes between those two connected people.


Obviously when you add 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 people in the scene, it becomes more complicated, but you still have to adhere to it.


Person one on the left, person two on the right, the camera always stays on this side of it.


The only time the camera would ever move is if we move with the actor and we see the plane cross in the shot.


Otherwise we keep that 180 degree plane.


Person on the left is always on the left.


They're always looking right person on the right is always on the right.


They're always looking left. And as long as we maintain that, it looks perfect, uh, we don't have to worry about the viewer losing interest or being pulled outta the scene.


Like, wait, this is just a movie.


We keep the illusion going.


But in alchemistic astrology, the 180 rule is the end of the aspect spectrum for the handoff.


It's at the conjunction, it's at the opposition.


These are in a handoff points and planet one and planet two are going to switch.


So the aspect spectrum comprises seven major aspects across 12 aspect points, which are the 12 signs.


Um, the 12 houses or just geometrically speaking.


The the 1230 degree points.


The conjunction begins the journey, the opposition ends it.


But in traveling the Zia wheel, this leaves us at a midpoint.


We're not done our journey, we're halfway much like a solar lunar opposition of the full moon.


We're only halfway. So when people talk about full moons as endings, the done, we're done here, releases we're only halfway, what are you doing?


We gotta come all the way back.


Once we hit the point of exactitude in the opposition, the aspects spectrum resets embarking on a return trip.


In our example sun is planet one from the movement of the journey, conjunction right up to the exact opposition.


After that, the moon takes the lead and becomes planet one, and the sun becomes planet two from whoops.


From here we're descending in an aspect order.


So instead of going from the conjunction to the opposition, now we're returning from the opposition back to the conjunction where each planet is still has the same relationship, but one planet is in the lead instead of the other, which reverses how you play this out.


So now we're embarking on her turn trip, uh, switching since the roles are switched, the same aspect now presents itself differently due to energy flow, which canonically follows the dal directional oil alignments alter and such.


And as such, careful attention to planetary vantage is crucial.


Planet one remains the problem.


Planet two remains the solution.


So most of this, the sun has been in perception.


The sun has been, oh I'm good, the moon is planet two is the problem.


The reality is planet wants the problem, it's not aligned with planet two, which is the solution.


Now it's gonna go the other way around.


Now the moon is going to be planet one.


It is going to feel like it's in the right and the sun's gonna feel like the problem when in reality it has to align.


The moon has to align with the sun for resolution.


Uh, no planet could be neglected in the relationship.


Let's continue our venture.


A lot of times when we say focus on planet one, focus on planet two, you might drop one planet and then you're losing the relationship between the aspects.


This is about focus and where we're directing it and which planet is supported at the time.


So coming back, uh, like you, you can see here that planet one is now supported.


Uh, did I screw that up? I did. I forgot to flip those.


So ignore that. Um, in your PDF, this'll be fixed.


I made this, this mercury retrograde guys, I forgot to fix this, but uh, planet one is going to be the moon, planet two is going to be the sun, but the sun is supported.


So just planet one and planet two are backwards.


I'll fix that. Uh, when I put the PDF up, I got some typos to fix anyway, so it's not a big deal.


Anyway, we are beyond the, uh, we're at the opposition separating beyond the 180.


So now the moon is taking the lead.


It is planet one, planet two is the sun, and um, the sun being the second planet on the opposite side of the square is the one that supported.


So the moon needs to lead into and support whatever the sun needs.


So the perception is that the sun feels an uneasy, unwanted force from the moon.


The natural instinct is to repel it, which means the moon's energy becomes a de a distraction or feeling of disdain.


The reality is the moon should be lending its energies to integrate with the sun, not through togetherness, but in oppositional support.


The moon will naturally oppose the sun but also feed into it bringing additional context.


This is really important because within an opposition, that feeling of it's pulling away from it or it's making it worse or it's a detraction needs to be honored because it is saying, Hey, you know, I am over here.


I'm not with you. So for instance, in my chart there's an opposition.


I'm not gonna worry about which planet's first and second.


We can talk about that elsewhere.


But I have my son opposite Neptune retrograde.


My son inherently has Aries traits because it's my as senate ruler as a Leo rising.


My Neptune retrograde has Scorpio traits because it's my eighth house ruler.


Um, and it's in the fifth house.


So we have the 11th fifth house.


So we have Aquarius energy and uh, Leo energy there.


And then I'm not gonna go any further.


Um, but the sun is in opposition to Neptune and anything that has to do with like, uh, trauma and pain and um, sensitivity and um, you know, even illusion over the son, which is ego action things I'm doing, uh, you know, purpose, father, there's that, that pulling away from it saying that Neptune is not working with the son like my wife, right?


So she has her son, um, she has her son in Pisces, my daughter Ala has her son conjunct Neptune, also Venus.


But in this case, in this example, sun conjunct Neptune in Pisces.


So they have Pisces working together with the sun.


I have an opposition to it.


So the same themes show up, but instead of working together within Pisces Energy, or in my case within, you know, Aquarian slash Gemini energy, it's working what feels like against it, it is up to me to pull it together.


So yes, my threshold for pain, uh, initially when it comes to the physical body is kind of low.


So like, you know, needles or like flicks or a pinch or something, I feel that so much more than anybody else.


But also I'm sensitive. I'm sensitive in the things I do.


I don't know who I am or why I am doing things.


I just have to intuitively be like, this is the way that I think it's supposed to be.


But I always have that feeling like, do I trust my intuition?


And it's because you know that separation from the son is, there's an unknown principle to it.


So like not knowing my father and being a separation of my father is very common with son opposite Neptune.


But there were secrets involved and it wasn't like he abandoned and there was no togetherness with like compassion.


It was opposite. So there was an element of just what feels like detraction.


It's actually that that separation sat on an opposite side and funneled itself into me.


Hope that makes sense.


So whenever you're talking about oppositions, you have to honor where they are.


And this is why I say the opposition is one of the, the most misunderstood aspects that we have.


And the reality is that the moon's gonna remain where it is, but through its energies, the sun will have a better sense of how to operate within the lunar environment.


You're contributing, you know, the, the moon needs to be contributing in this case through the seventh house.


Uh, how to, you know, your emotional security in somebody else just to make this easy needs to contribute to the things you're doing.


That doesn't mean bring your partner with you or care everything they say, but have some sort of safety with the people that you're working with so that you can do the thing you want to do.


You're not doing it with them. They're involved in some way.


And it could just be to lend support.


It could be emotional support, it could be a foundation, it could be a tribe of people that lets you shine in your own actions, do your own thing.


Connecting to other people allows you to show that you can dance, you can move, you can run, but you're still doing that yourself.


Uh, next one, again, ignore the top 'cause I have to reverse those.


Uh, but the sun is what's still supported planet one is actually the moon, planet two is the sun.


The perception from the queen cos where the moon is coming back to the sun is that the sun receives input from the moon but doesn't know how to process it.


So the moon's energy doesn't quite gel with the sun.


So it tries to reject it and it makes the sun feel very uncomfortable, like it can't do what it wants to do.


And the reality is that the moon is sending its energy in the direction of the sun.


It should be directed to do so.


Whatever the moon has going on, ultimately it lends to the sun.


The sun in turn has to be aware of the energy and use it to fuel its own scenarios.


The energy flow, the energies flow to the purposes of the sun and lend to carrying that energy forward in aspects.


So if you have an emotional, uh, volatility or you have a security, we're using eighth house to first house.


If you have this deep desire for what you do to either be powerful or volatile, I don't know why you'd want it to be volatile, but that'll flow through as well.


Um, or you want something to be taboo, but the thing you're doing isn't taboo.


It just has like taboo undertones or just gives this feeling of strength underneath the thing you're doing.


That's a positive way of lending that.


But if you're like, no, I don't want be like, I don't want to collaborate, I don't want, like if you're just ignoring and rejecting the eighth house like it would normally play out, it makes it very difficult for you shine.


And then things that you're doing don't seem to work right because you're literally ignoring the, the energy that's supposed to be funneling in for you.


When we get back to the trine, same exact thing as before, but now you're receiving from the vantage of the sun.


You're receiving those energies from the moon and that's supposed to support you to be able to move forward.


But the same exact thing that's happening is that sometimes what you're receiving can create distortion and static and make you feel less than it can literally take, uh, you know, in any sort of insecurities, instabilities, the family can lead into like whether or not you feel like you're able to do things, uh, and how you connect to people who are more of a tribal, uh, level.


The the reality is that the moon must be in a stable position to direct its focus into the sun and it must know what the sun's purposes are also.


So it's supportive instead of detracting, the sun needs to be open to and understanding of the reception of the energy the moon is pushing in.


What can happen with a trine here is kind of like a queen cos where you literally reject the energy, uh, or sometimes especially from the ninth to the first.


It feels like overwhelm.


It just feels like too much and you, it can lend itself to how you move forward in the future.


So we need that to be positive and there's nothing you can do about it.


It's like a floodgate.


So the moon is going to do what the moon's going to do for the sun if it's your energies direct both.


So that safety goes into the things that you're doing or home or family or um, nurturing or anything like that feeds directly into how you express yourself through your actions.


Now we're getting to the square.


Remember there are three of 'em. This is the first 1, 88, 8 87, 88, 89, um, just before 90 degrees.


And the sun is still the one that's supported.


The moon is still planet one and this square here is the sun is just like the square before.


It's just that the sun is being challenged by the moon.


So what can happen here is the mother is very overbearing to the father.


And if this is in your natal chart, um, any sort of emotional security or this, this need, if it's the 10th house, first house, this need to be seen or have this recognition can literally overtake your ego and make it feel like you can't actually do the things you want to do because you're too concerned whether or not someone's gonna like you or how people are gonna respond to it.


So you actually won't shine the moon will overtake it.


It can mean that you're overly nurturing again to the point where you're taking care of too many people, the public, um, you know, could be CEOs, it could be anything that has to do with structure.


You're too concerned with the rules to be able to have fun that can play out as well and you need to balance both of those.


But they need to lend to you actually shining the difference.


Once it's equally support is both have to happen at the same time.


'cause now we're hitting the turnover point.


Once we get past that, and I'm skipping past these 'cause we've already discussed this, the square, and you can read this again once we get past that, now we're beyond 90 degrees, we're separating and the moon is coming in.


Now the actual aspect is applying but we're separating beyond the 90 degrees.


Okay? So this is still an applying aspect once you hit beyond.


So I'll probably clarify that in the PDF is that from zero to 180 it's all separating aspects because the moon is faster from 180 back, it is applying aspects.


So when I use separating and whatnot, what I mean is uh, passing.


So I might rephrase that as well just so you guys understand that the sun is being challenged to overshadow the moon's influence.


It will fight back, stand its ground, the moon's gonna be the aggressor.


So everything I just said stays true.


But here's the difference.


Now that we've hit that turnover point, now the focus is on the moon.


So what's interesting about this type of aspect, and again on its the first half of its journey as well, is that the moon wants to overtake the sun, but we're trying to focus on the moon.


But so what we have to do is say, okay, what's this knee?


What's this knee cool, do both.


So this can do what it needs to do.


That way we're not missing this key element of brick laying, which is essentially what a square does.


When we get back to the sex tile.


The sun can't operate business as usual.


There's something there that I have to pay attention to and it's all lunar and it can feel like a forced integration and not really understanding why I have to contr, you know, that has to be a part of it.


But it is the reality is that the moon is offering some sort of assumptive foundation for the sun.


The moon needs to know how much of the sun is required if you're talking about the moon's vantage.


But from the sun's vantage, we have to understand the position of the moon, what its capabilities are, what its situation is, and how much of that moon is already there.


And all of that is gonna go into what's going on with the son.


Interestingly enough, my daughter has this aspect, uh, my youngest Ava, so she has her moon in the 11th house in Leo.


And then obviously that's the rulers in the first house in Libra for her.


And she has that sextile and um, she also has an opposition to Chiron.


So the way that this plays out and Chiron influences it the way that she plays out a little bit for her, obviously, but everything that I do and everything the mother does, we always work together.


But whatever I do always has to do with what the mother sets in motion.


So it's there. When she was born, she was separated from her mother Chiron shrines in to the moon.


Chiron is an opposition to the sun.


She was separated from her mother.


I physically took her to her mother in the hospital.


That is all within in her chart as well.


Um, but the, that's how you resolve this is understanding what the moon is offering.


You have that aspect as well.


Tini back to the semis, sex tile, but again, we're reversed.


So it's the moon approaching or applying to the sun, 30 degrees.


Uh, and then within the orb of influence, the perception is that the sun wants to express itself, but feels a pressure from the moon in the same area.


Often it feel, it doesn't feel understood or supported.


The moon seems to be overbearing or misaligned with the sun.


So basically from the sun's vantage, it feels like the moon is dismissible.


Like, I don't need the moon.


I don't know why you're doing what you're doing.


I don't understand. You just go away.


And from the moon's vantage it's like, well, you know, you are the problem.


I'm trying to, you know, shine or illuminate over here.


And like you are over here doing God knows what, God knows where and like you have nothing to do with my purposes.


So there's that conflict. That's that hard stop that we talked about before with the semis sex town.


The reality is that the moon is approaching the sun to close out the cycle.


So the moon needs to understand where it's lending its energy.


So there's no internal discord within the same area of focus, which in this case, whoops.


In this case it's the moon favors.


It favors the moon, but it's, you know, leading into the sun.


I'm gonna reword this part to the sun.


It wants to be able to utilize the moon's influence and mix without dissonance.


So the sun, because the sun is the second one, it also needs to give away or give away to the moon to understand it so that the energy of the moon supports the energy of the sun.


But it's doing.


So for the purposes of the moon, and this is an interesting one because we're at a closing point now in my chart, I have my north node in the 12th house in cancer.


I have my ascendant, uh, in Leo, and there's a semis sexal there where the north node, um, is aspecting the, um, the a, the ascendant.


Now it's a little bit different because the ascendant is the faster moving planet.


So it's a separating aspect as opposed to an applying aspect that does matter obviously.


But in terms of planet one, planet two, um, they still work like that.


And the stuff from the 12th house, like all of it expressing through cancer, um, that north no trajectory.


It's always been in conflict with me.


How I wanna do things, how I emerge, who I think I am, and the actions that I try to take.


I've always kind of shunned it and I do that because I don't understand it.


So I had to, once I start kind of bringing it in, like even bringing the spirituality and connecting to people a much more personal level to bring that into like the astrology.


That's where this system actually formed and you know, was created and actually meant something once it was just the science.


Towards the beginning it was like, cool, that's really awesome.


But until I said I have to figure out how to apply this on a spiritual level, on a personal level for each individual person is when the whole thing was brought to life.


And that is literally cancer to Leo, uh, type energy, Pisces to Aries type energy that semis sex between my north node and ascend it.


And then we la end on the final one before the final, final one.


Before the final. This is the conjunction.


We're applying towards zero degrees.


Uh, the sun wants to express itself, but feels a pressure from the moon in the same area.


That's why I wanna reword the semis sex tile.


It's like there's the same area component, but it's coming from a 30 degree aspect here.


It's the same exact area.


Often it doesn't feel understood or supported.


The moon seems to be overbearing or misaligned with the sun.


'cause essentially the moon's trying to do what it's trying to do.


There's an aspect here, a conjunction, and just like when the sun and the moon were here, now it's the moon and the sun just in applying aspect instead of separating the moon is doesn't understand the sun.


The sun. It's not that the sun has moved, it's that the moon hasn't caught up to the sun in this case.


So the reality is the moon's approaching the sun to close out the cycle.


The moon needs to understand where it's lending its energy to and how to incorporate the sun into what it's doing to be able to shine for the purposes again of um, of the moon.


So prior to the conjunction, anything prior to conjunction, if the moon comes first, the sun comes second.


It's actually the moon that although the, the sun itself is the one to align with, it's actually for the purposes of the moon.


So as you're coming up to a full, to a new moon, like in a sonno cycle, it's actually the moon, the feels, the vibes, the safety, the security.


That's the focus until the new moon, the new moon's an equal focus and then breaking away from the new moon.


Now it's about purpose because the moon is ahead.


We have to align with those fields and that safety and the security, but it's really for the, for the sun again, once we pass that.


So it's really important, and I'm gonna separately dive into this obviously in my aspects course in my book, I talk about this all the time, but it's very important to understand these stages because when you read your chart, it's like, oh, I have a, I have a conjunction.


That's not enough. There's way more going on in your chart than just a conjunction.


Which planets first? Is it applying?


Is it separating what planets are involved?


All of that's important. Is it a true aspect?


Is it a forced aspect? Is it a rolling aspect?


All these are different ways that this plays out.


And then this is the same as the first slide.


I just wanted to kind of close it out.


This brings us back to the first handoff point, right?


So prior, we're closing it out, we've hit the handoff and as soon as the moon passes the sun again, that's the handoff.


The moon becomes planet one again, I'm sorry, planet two again.


Uh, the sun becomes planet one and we're feeding into the sun at that point.


But at this point, the point of exactitude, just like the first slide, both are equally supported minor aspects.


Just to close this out along the journey, other aspects as divisions of 360 of the 360 degree hole will form the next breakdown of the aspect Spectrum incorporates an understanding of these 15 degree minor aspects, which form is an undercurrent between each major aspect stage.


The rules of energetic harmonics come into play to assign levels of consciousness to each aspect.


So for instance, a 30 degree aspect is a conscious outward aspect.


A 15 degree is an inward subconscious, guess what, 30 degree aspects are 15 degree aspects.


So you're gonna see these play inside, you know, internally and externally on major aspects along with the place of each geometric relationship sits along the path.


There's also a frequency which determines how upfront or behind the scenes and energy will, will express.


It's evident in the quintile, which obviously we didn't talk about, but I threw this in for just a second.


The quintile, which is a 72 degree aspect in the bi quintile, uh, aspect.


At 144, this is dividing the pie by five by the way.


That's how you get these, where their expression sits firmly between other major and minor primary aspects between 30 and 15 degrees.


And within its orb of influence of each one of those aspects where it as it becomes more minor, the orb of influence shrinks.


So that a hundred, you know that 72, you know, you get to, um, you know, a degree and a half and it takes you to the 75 degree aspect.


There is a 75.


So if you take 72 a degree and a half, which is minor aspects, uh, that's its orb of influence.


You take, you know, the, the quinta or you take the 75 a degree and a half and that meets right there.


So you literally go from one aspect to the next one.


Uh, no matter the aspect, it will always follow the storied progression shown across this spectrum.


If you ever feel unsure, please revert back to this framework.


If it's near the conjunction, it's going to favor a certain planet.


If it's near the opposition, beyond the turnover point, it's gonna favor the other planet.


So when you're looking at, for instance, a quintile, when you have two planets and a quintile at 72 degrees, the second planet still needs that resolution.


It's gonna sit between the, the aspects that are on either side of it, but it's going to favor the purposes of the first planet.


The bi quintile, which just sits at 144 degrees, you know, you still resolve, it sits there.


Um, you know, beyond the trying, uh, before the Quin cos and or before the minor aspect, before the Quin cos technically and favors it.


Um, pushing the energy from planet one into planet two.


So it favors the second planet and that's, you know, the energetic flow that it serves so that you can, that second planet can carry forward in its journey.


So this is where I'm gonna close out this part of it.


I'm gonna get rid of, uh, that screen.


Thank you for being a part of this journey, this webinar.


Uh, for everybody who is watching, I'm gonna close this out.


You can have the PDF for reference and post up any questions if you have in Mystic Circle for anybody that's on here now.


Hang tight. We're gonna do a q and a.


Um, again, thank you so much for being here.


This is aspect spectrum was, which is a foundational and fundamental principle of how aspects actually work in alchemistic, astrology, take care, vibe, hire.




IMPORTANT NOTES ABOUT TRANSCRIPT! READ***


Event Description Aspects are not a set of random geometric relationships. They’re part of an entire spectrum across a 180° plane. Understanding how each Aspect progresses from the previous is vital for interpreting how and why energies exhibit as they do.   In this webinar, we are going to highlight this spectrum and discuss the 7 Major Aspects that sit on the Aspect Journey from Conjunction to Opposition. COMMENTS: Logan I am still confused on something with the aspect spectrum.  Now I know that pass 180° there is that switch between planets but they are still Planet A and Planet B in their functions.  The way we “resolve” depends on the aspect. Of course it’s not the same before 180° mark.  Now my question is when we see “planet A switch in the aspect” and we know the way those apsects are after 180° the energy flow is a little different.  Is any aspect within the aspect spectrum after 180° the vantage/resolution of them. Like that switch is that contingent to our natal chart do we read that differently or is the hand off more for transits?   Let me know if I am making any sense.” Justin at 180°, Planet A becomes Planet B and Planet B becomes Planet A Logan okay so in the natal we treat it like that? Justin yes, but Natal Charts are static so you’re simply seeing which planet is A vs B. Pick either planet and see if it’s on the “before 180°” or “after 180°” side of the circle compared to the other planet—that will tell you which planet is first vs which is second.