Astro cartography class:




Rewind hey everybody and thank you for tuning in to the intro to Astro cartography class here. I'm not gonna get into the depths of Astro cartography on a very deep deep level, but I'm going to get pretty intricate enough and detailed enough for you guys to actually use after cartography. That is the point of today's class. It's more of an overview with enough detail that you could use this class and actually get something from it. That's the purpose no pre-planned materials.


Just this one little picture that I randomly pulled off of Google for a representation of Aster cartography for anybody who does not know what Astro cartography is. I'd be surprised because you paid for this class, but it is Also called Astro gastro geography and also called relocation astrology Astro cartography is the most formal modern name for it. But relocation astrology is also another term. Basically it is your Energies.


Everywhere else in the world. So you were born in a very specific place the moment you were born the date the time the location our calculated to be a moment in time that creates your birth chart all your natal energies are all based off of the transits. You are basically a Transit snapshot if anybody never looked at it that way that's what you are your Transit snapshot for the location. You were born right? So you're a you are a momentary Geographic transit map. That is what your birth chart is. So when you correlate that over to the rest of the world I'm sorry. I can't use somebody's information from class as an example. I have to pick somebody random.


I've done that before and it doesn't work out so well because then they start asking questions and questions and then I get off track. So for teaching purposes, I have to kind of do what I can to stay on track for that.


Class just that question just came in. So your location on Earth changes, right?


If you move, you know a town over which is not that much in terms of Astro cartography, but you can move a town over you can move a couple States over you can move across the country. You can move across the world and The imprints of those transits based off of the moment you were born would have been different had you been born somewhere else. What we do is by also allowing for the time zones and the changes in times.


We essentially say well what if you were born in Germany?


What if you were born in Japan?


What if you were born in New Zealand, right and we take all of that energy there and we say, okay. So this is your energy and your natal chart. This is what you always have. It's imprinted on you and then we take it we transfer to another place and then that would be your energy there. Now you do not lose at all your natal chart your natal energies that will always be with you.


But you gain another layer because your locational energies that were imprinted on you from where you were born are now infused with another area another location and there's a lot of things that go on when you move locations, sometimes it has to do with the sinistry of the town the center of the people the sinistry of the country versus the Locale the locality the township so on and so forth, but in relocation astrology, we're focusing specifically on your natal energies as their transplanted across the globe and added as a layer on top of your natal energies that become over time much stronger than your natal energies because the location I guess the best way to say is it starts taking hold of you and then you start kind of merging with your location and those energies are synchronistic with who you are.


Is your relocated chart based on the transits that day?


Or the day you were born in the new location.


In the context of that question, it is based on the day. You were the moment you were born the day you were born but specifically the moment you were born which is a why When you readjust for a relocated chart you have to well the software does it but if you were doing it manually you would have to adjust for the time zone as well. So if you were born on the East Coast.


At 10 am at in the west coast. It's only 7 am. So if you relocate yourself to the West Coast the software does it for you these days but manually speaking you would normally have to subtract three hours because that same moment on the East Coast if you try to do 10 am on the west coast is actually three hours in the future.


So it is still the moment the exact moment that you were born. It's the the relative energy of the stars in the sky imprinted on you as if you were in that location the entire time again, the difference is that you already have a natal chart. So you are still you you have all your experiences all of that. You still have all your progressions all that still carries with you, but now you're trying to align yourself with the different energies on the globe to basically twist your natal chart as if you were born there in the first place to add that to whatever energy she have.


and this is why it's extremely individualized and why there are some people who think that you could just look at lines on a map and I'm going to get to that in a minute as I die further.


Actually, I'll do that right now. So we've kind of discussed the main stuff right? So here we go.


I am going to choose someone random. So what I want anyone to do if you want to follow along is I'm using astro.com as the the free software to use. This is what I use. Mainly now. This is not the best Astro cartography software. There are several of them out there. I just have never kind of dove into them. All of them are really old.


This is like the most modernized one. I don't like using Antiquated software and that's really what most astrologers have these days. I am actually looking into creating an app and a website and all that.


To kind of bring us up to the times because it's kind of silly solar fire is a good one. But again, that's only PC and then there are a few other ones that are available online. I just use Astro it's accurate it works and I've used it so long this switching is just kind of unnecessary at this point. So I'm just going to teach you here astro.com. We're gonna go into extended chart selection. Like we always do we're going to add somebody in I'm just going to call the Astro cartography.


Random and let's make it a female and let's say they were born the 17th.


This is my Mars and Libra. I can't decide let's hit a letter December.


No, let's make them a little bit older. Let's say 1995.


Let's just do to do right there for.


That's not gonna work.


For 15 am and let's say they were born in most of my clients right now in the United States. So let's make them born in Toronto.


You thought I was gonna say make him born here. All right, so cool. Now we have a random person. I don't know who this is.


not like my last class and my class four of the manifestation course where I was like, oh, these are random people and they really weren't So we have this we have our natal chart and this is what you're always going to start with and not that I need this but I always like to see 408 in there as well and I'll just leave these normal things in here as well. Natal chart whole signs all of this is good. I don't need to see all the all the aspects because I look for those myself. I know you can't see the whole screen here.


But what I'm gonna do is just either scroll to the bottom or the top right and I'm just gonna click on show chart.


Cool. So now we have a natal chart for some random person who was born December 17th 1995 in Toronto, Ontario at 4:15. Am maybe one of you taking this class fits this exact criteria and then the things that we talk about May apply to you, but for everybody else these are the energies here.


This person is a Scorpio Rising.


We're not going to obviously dive too much into this but their chart ruler is in pluto meaning into the second house.


So they're sense of identity goes into their worth and that itself is tied into the worst. So making money, they're you know the sense of worth itself in that ties into their communication and their identity and holy crap is this even gonna give us This is the problem with coming up. Random. Is this going to give us a weird?


You know, it doesn't matter. I'm going to use it because You're gonna get people like this, right? It's not as pretty it's not spaced out and even so this is a good example for everybody here taking this class of what happens when you have so much energy in you know, a handful of houses and then the rest, you know aside from Saturn the rest is just very empty So I am recording this on March 20th 2023.


And with this Saturn in Pisces of 18 degrees, this person is about to hit their Santa return in the next few months. So maybe this person is starting to feel that they want to align with either fifth house energies, or they maybe they're going through something specific with the other transits that are going on with Neptune in the third house. Maybe it's an identity crisis. Maybe it's they got kicked out of their home and they need to change homes.


But this is likely going to trigger something that is going to if they have not already moved at this point to make them want to move again. The other transit's obviously have to be factored in to see if this is actually the time but that's what it is here. So we have this person's chart again. This is an extra cartography class. So I'm going to go through this chart as needed as we go through this class here, but otherwise, let's just move on. So going up here to horoscopes. We click on Astro travel.


And this is your Astro cartography chart here and this is something that you you see all the time. You know. What can I zoom this out a little bit? Yes, I can.


Just to show you guys.


there because it wasn't showing all of it. So I will Zoom back in but yeah, I could just zoom in.


Your extra cartography class class A map here at your travel. So the first couple of things that I want to talk about real quick is a lot of people when they jump they dive into real location astrology after cartography astrology.


Come said geometry is that they they look at these lines that they see here and based off of either social media videos or just random things. They've Googled or stuff. They may have found in a book somewhere because please beware that a lot of the astrology books are just very inaccurate. They're almost opinions from people who really don't have that deep of an understanding of astrology. So be very careful when you're when you're looking up resources and stuff people ask me. I have very little recommendations for this exact reason. This is exactly also why I'm teaching so A lot of people will look at these lines and they will see you know this line here and someone will tell them move to your venous line. It will be amazing. And/or move to your Jupiter line. It will be amazing, right? They don't actually know what these lines mean.


They just know that Venus sounds good because it has to do with love and money and Jupiter sounds good because it has to do with luck in abundance. Well, there's way more to those planets. There are negative aspects to these planets Jupiter is excess. So anything that happens can happen within excess and if it's something bad or or really rough transits happening to Jupiter around that time, it can be a very difficult place to live. Also if you look in the natal chart and the aspects to Jupiter are really bad, it can make everything feel unlucky. So you're literally trans, you know transporting yourself over to a place that feels very unlucky and while you might not have tragic things happen. You may feel that Stalls out that opportunity passes You by right? So not everything has to be overly tragic.


But sometimes you just positioning yourself in a way that Isn't that great for you?


What these lines are here when we zoom in zoom out on these here, right? So what we have here and the ones that go curve this way from East that look like they're coming basically east to west or diagonally are typically the ascendant descendant lines the ones that go north and south have somewhat of a curve but for the most part go north and south Yeah are the midheaven IC lines? Right? So this one's in east Wester. It's just this is actually very steep for east Wester. And this all has to do with the positioning of the planets. Where in relative in relation to where you were on the globe when you were born Now we don't use placidus house systems here. But when you're talking about the midheaven the IC the ascendant and the what am I missing descendant? We're talking about the four angles and we talk about that in a previous class. Those four angles are hot wires and these planets being conjunct these these angles is what actually gives you the focus of creating a line a hypersense of energy based on that planet.


And not just the planet in a vague generalized sense, but the planet how it sits in your chart and more specifically in your chart when it hits that point, which means you have to turn your chart for it. So if you have if you're born, let's look at this person here. If you were born with Saturn in the fifth house Saturn is nowhere near the mid Heaven. It's it's practically in conjunct almost not but practically in conjunct, you know, five houses away.


The mid Heaven here. So nowhere near it. So how do you get this here? Well, you have to move basically the ascendant moves As you move east and west north and south does not give you much of a change this that's when we get into a different aspect of Astro cartography. I'll get into that later in the class East and West is where you're gonna see the biggest changes, right? That's why you see all these lines here. You can go north and south to get some of these ascended descendant lines on the curve. But the main ones that are gonna impact you on the grandest scale tend to be the mid Heaven I see lines because those are the home the home life the home the things that are very deep down in private to you at your core basically with anything you do and then your your career and your outward expression.


Your ascended descendant are very important, but they have to do with how you interact with the world and react and what your relationships with other people are.


so when we're looking here in order to get this here the ascendant would have to move as you move west. The ascendant goes this way as you move East it goes this way. So in order to get it there, we could literally go either direction right as long as we go far enough. It'll go that way but as the ascendant hits a new house, so let's say we're going east the ascending hits the second house. You can't have an ascendant in the second house. So you're rising sign which is a first house trait remains in the first house. But now it's in Sagittarius which means the entire chart goes and flips one house. If you go far enough it flips, two three, four five houses. So when we know we know that because of that In order to get Saturn on the midheaven, which for this person is basically Korea.


We would have to move quite a distance which we know because Korea versus Toronto is halfway around the world and it's about halfway around the chart right? There are no duplicates. I've never had that question asked to me but I had that question for myself. Is there a place where Saturn's on the midheaven and is there another place where Saturns in the midheaven like nowhere near it? No, there's not. There's only one place where Saturn's on the mid Heaven every single energy will only play out the same way in one.


Set of areas on the globe. So if you're in this region, it will be different from this region this region. This is again mostly east to west for these Energies.


Again stressing this as much as possible. These lines have zero additional significance Beyond reference points.


All this tells you is that a major planet?


Is on a major angle it is conjunct a major angle. That is all this says it doesn't tell you that everything in this world in this area is going to be Pluto related. Why because this is only one planet. This is only one house you're descendant is only your seventh house you're ascendant is only your first house your midheaven and your IC could be anywhere from your midheavan 8 to 11 and your IC from two to five.


But that's it. You don't know anything else and this is why a lot of people struggle with Astro cartographies. They'll see people constantly like oh, yeah, if you move over here, this is what will happen. If you move over here this will happen and maybe the reference the natal chart once and then they'll come back to the map and they'll zoom in they'll be like, oh, yeah and here.


It doesn't work that way the problem is that let me get back to this back to 100. The problem here is that you are not looking at anything outside of that one placement, and we know from all of our studies from all of our classes that we've done that one placement tells you almost nothing on top of that again when people say oh move to your Venus line well for instance this person here.


Has Venus and Neptune on the midheaven practically conjunct? It would be nearly impossible to find a place where these energies are. Not both interacting.


I bet you they're close enough. I'm gonna double check before I say that 24-24. So if you get Venus with this person's energy when you get Venus you get Neptune. If you don't want Neptune's energy, then don't go to a Venus line because that's what's going to be Amplified and if Venus and Neptune are adversely aspected Venus is square the moon four degrees, so I will count that because Venus is orb of influence four degrees here.


Right squaring which means emotional security within relationships your value within your emotional your safety and your comfort, you know, your money and always being worried about money and things of that nature. Do you want to amplify that energy Maybe?


I can't say no because the biggest thing that is never spoken of with Astro cartography.


biggest thing Is that you must have a reason to move somewhere?


The the main question that I get for for everybody is I want to know where the best place to live is.


Well there.


besides astrology, there are a lot of factors that people are not you know putting into that question one is If I move you to let's just look at a map real quick, right? Let's take this map here. Let's say So they're born here. Let's say I'm like, India.


India it wouldn't be for this person most likely but Let's say India right go ahead and move over there. That's the best place for you. And then they would normally happens. They're like, well, you know, I don't speak Indian. Well, then you that's that's part of the things that you got to tell somebody if you're trying to do this for yourself, then you already know all the things that you do and don't want but if you're trying to ask in astrology, where's the best place in the world that I want to move and where I want to live then you you have to know you have to communicate these things.


I want to move to a place where they speak English right?


If you speak English. Well that narrows it down a lot. I don't want to move to a place. That's hot.


Right. I want to move to a place that when I say I don't want to move to a place. I want to move to a place that's cold. Well stay away from the equator right stay up here if you want cold and you have to communicate those things.


Maria what house system to use always whole signs always whole science Health System Oh, yeah, I was in the middle of a sentence a minute ago. If you use placidus which I don't we don't Mystic Rebels our Vibe tribe. We don't use Plastics because it's not accurate and we've proven that but placidus would have you because the Moon is always the cusp the I'm the moon. Oh my goodness. The IC is always the cusp of the fourth house.


That that would mean that going east would be in the fourth house and going west would be in the third house. And that kind of goes the same for everything else the mid Heaven going.


East would be in the tenth house going west would be in the ninth house. We don't do that. So we just say east or west of the ascendant really just means are we The ascendant the Mars and the IC any of those if we are west of it, then we are likely have a bit weaker energy. And if it's a bad energy, then that could be good. If it's a good energy then we might want to be east of the line, but it doesn't really matter because there are other factors that you have to play in one of them is is there a city there.


All right. So I've gotten that as well where people like and this is where you get the whole all my best lines are in the middle of the ocean type of stuff that you hear all the time. Right? So maybe for this person.


Aside from this cold area up here the sun on the IC and Jupiter on the IC goes right through the Pacific Ocean doesn't even hit Hawaii, but it's up here so you could be like, oh, well, if you want to live on, you know this amazing, you know expansive, you know, bright entertaining home focused, you know existence and you want the quiet life go here now, that's not accurate. What I just said is a bunch of Pop Culture crap, right? But you hear it all the time. They'll say move here well, I don't know much about this area, but I don't think there's a heavily populated city here, especially if they're someone who's looking for sun. This is not going to happen. This is not going to happen. Oh, there is no place and then people are like, well, there's just no place on Earth that's good for me.


Right. So I just want to point all that out in order to do Astro cartography, right? We have to look at everything and the lines themselves have very little significance aside from reference points.


Taylor what is the energy of this person's Venus conjunct Neptune and that's what's squaring the moon. Let me go back. I wasn't gonna read this person's needle energies, but Yeah, so they have Venus conjunct Neptune at zero. It's right on.


It's also they're both also conjunct Uranus within four degrees.


So you have this combination with this so all three of those that's a stallion and that creates an energy in and of itself. So all those themes you mix those together and then all of that is squaring you see all these squares to the Moon you have all these squares to the moon in the moon. This person's got a lot of karma, by the way, but this person's moon is also in conjunct they're Saturn so they're set they're sad or return. It's going to be very difficult anybody's born around this time. It's going to have a very difficult time with with all this because All this energy here the Moon.


Is squaring this which is in conjunct this now again, I'm not going to dive into this. This is a heavy heavy read and whenever you have stellium satellitiums just clusters of energy. It takes a lot longer to read because you have to factor in more things when it's evenly spaced out. It's very easy to read. Oh you're 10th house. Does that with your but when it's all here you got to be like, okay Uranus that's fourth house Venus. That's 12th and seventh house, right? You have to break it all the way down. I'm not gonna do that in this class. This is about extra cartography, but the energy here is basically that they are their moon is all in the same house. As Chiron said they've got back end spiritual issues that could have to do with we're set in conjunct Saturn which usually has to do with the Father. The Son is over here. There's a square to the Sun as well and Uranus is a part of this so their parents likely divorced and it created a huge identity issue here where they were split between wherever they had to go and maybe they didn't get to see one as often as they wanted. So that's the basis of this energy here and it can play out multiple ways. I have to read deeper to see what all of this here in the second house has to do with with their values and everything a 26 degree Jupiter is coming in to the third house as well. So A lot of this has to do with shared resources.


And you know with their father so their father may have actually provided.


Because there's a trying here. So the father probably provided and then that created probably a rift with the mother again. I'm not going to dive all the way into this but that's the generalized energy now.


The reason why they move is something I'm not going to have because this is a random person. I don't have anybody to talk to no one's asked to question. So I have to assume that this person is like makeup a question. It has nothing to do with their actual energies, but they're sad and returns coming up. They're thinking about moving and maybe they're looking for love. So in the case of love when you're talking about Venus If that's what we're looking for is law of and or money Venus and that's like your most common questions or Love and Money.


We have to know kind of how that would play out. We also know here.


That this person struggles with commitment for the same exact energy here.


We have the moon in conjunct Saturn in the fifth house.


So romance is very far into them. And it's likely that they didn't see romance in their childhood. Chiron is all so in the 12th house here. So they're very lost when it comes to guidance sales have the North Node here and Vesta spark of life. So they This person would have a very difficult time finding what makes them happy finding what gives them Drive. They have to find their spiritual self within a partner.


A partner that they have a spiritual connection with and there's far more to this but they have to find our identity through this as well and that's not going to happen until later in life because I have to go through all these trials but Saturn could bring a child because it's in the fifth house and then it's the whole I don't know how to Mother thing because there's definitely mommy issues and that's coming up here. Right? So we have all these things and maybe it's about to happen. Maybe they just they want to move to potentially move Saturn out of their fifth house. That's not really gonna do much. But all it's gonna do is add a Saturn to another place.


But maybe that's what they want to do.


There's a lot of energy.


So we're looking at love here. We already know that they have they want long-term relationships. They want long-term commitments, but they struggle with it. They struggle with emotions and feeling connected in a partnership with them, especially on any sort of like spiritual level. So everything seems very surface to them.


Including their intimacy because they're intimacy is part of their identity. It's very Traditional very kind of reserved and laid back because we have the eighth house, which is the intimate house Eighth House ruler is over here Pluto in the second house is like they value intimacy. They wanted it's they value romance as well. But at the same time they don't have much to go off of because of their childhood and then their generalized energies are here.


That's as far as I'm gonna go.


We know there there are a lot of karmic issues within this chart here.


luckily, I mean, maybe it's not luckily but we we're not gonna talk about series much but series which is a great asteroid to learn is trying Saturn here, where's verga Burgers up here burgers down here Capricorns, as this person is likely in the medical industry, by the way.


in terms of job and career Even with the mid heaven and Leo could be a focus on children children Medical.


And they might be known for it. That's how they make their money.


and it could be like Well, I'm not gonna dive deep into it, but you and you assess all of this as well to get there.


Could be a surgeon. All right, so that's the energy there which is interesting because they could have a very prolific career but have struggles with relationships and we all have ups and downs. We all have energy that's like in this area of life. We're really good. But in this area of life we struggle a bit. We have a lot of karma. We have our Chiron that comes in and like stops US It makes it very difficult for us to kind of.


To move forward but that aside in Astro cartography here this person.


You know wants to move right? So here we have the map and we have all of these conjunctions all the way across and we got to figure out how to make sure you guys can see this in the future.


Over here you can see briefly the the other ones right? So you have all these to work with all these and if you zoom in a bit on the map, you'll start seeing them on the sides as well because the indications for these lines are here, so as we move on as we move on if I look at their generalized energy in there area. I am going to see and this is what is tricky with Astro.


Because I want to talk about this before I get into relocated charts because the whole point of Astro cartography is to find a place that aligns with somebody's goals. This is why we move several times some of us never move but it all has to do with energy and whether the location could support all the different things going on in life. What type of chart we have are we know Matic things like that?


The different softwares will often also show you peronlines peronlines are crossing energies in your natal chart. It is calculated that each one of your planets has a specific Direction and a degree of Direction. So it changes and these go latitudinally usually sometimes diagonally it changes or adds information here based off of The directions of those energies so they kind of do this right they cross like this.


Astro.com does not show you these lines at least as far as I know. There's no way no easy way to turn them on if there is I don't know what it is, but you can find them by clicking what's important to note is It says harmonious and disharmonious aspects here and you know what I can do.


No can't do that.


Never mind, it says harmonious and disharmonious aspects here. If you have them clicked, it will not show you the peronlines usually because there's too much going on unclick them. So you have a full View and if you get too close to one of these lines, you won't be able to see it either but on the right hand side.


If you have clicked on an area randomly, you will see something like this pop up on the right hand side everywhere that you click. These are called again peronlines Crossing Lines these energies have to do with your energy in your chart and they become focuses in your life in that area.


It has to do with your natal chart, but also just the generalized energies for these and these lines are are essentially.


Parallel lines which I'll get into in a different class. But these are parallel energies that create I guess a layer would be the best way to explain it of energy so you could be in a pocket that has a Crossing line that you know, a couple hundred miles north or south doesn't have it and you feel very differently within that zone as you would somewhere else, even though the rest of the Astro cartography is exactly the same for online are very important.


When you want to narrow down and hone in on an area you use per online. So in this case clicking right where this person this fictitious person was born they have Uranus and the moon's nodes Crossing. This is constant change in their life this also especially when it comes to things that are comfortable with and uncomfortable with so they would likely have situations that pop up all the time the Because the moon has to do with the public even the nodes do and how you interact with the world. The types of people that they come in would probably expect eccentric the types of events and situations that they have interacting with people just on daily life could come could appear to come out of nowhere.


this and this All of this that you see here is extremely basic extremely generic and every once in a while. You'll see me read through this real quick to see if I missed anything that I should talk about. But I I still have to relay it back to the original so you will never see me ever ever on a in a class or on a live or in a reading read this verbatim and say what this says because this again has nothing to do with the person anybody who clicks this that has Uranus Moon's nose Crossing. We'll see this exact same text. It's the same it's like horoscopes or like some of those astrology apps that come up and seem really personalized. But what is written there has nothing to do with you. It just has to do with a general.


You know paragraph or two of those energies on a very umbrella level. So I hope that resonates because they're not resonates.


I hope that like sinks in because a lot of people I seen people go live doing Astro cartography readings on social media and they literally just read this to somebody and this doesn't always play out this way because you have to know how Uranus and the moon's nodes are impacted in the chart, but it's good to know where this is the most important part here. And then this is the distance from the parallel. So the closer you get to it the stronger it is the further away the weaker it is but aside from that and this also tells you that It's not just crossing Uranus and Moon's nodes. What a lot of people Miss is this little section right here below it right not just the distance. But this part it's not just Uranus and it's not just the moon's notes. It is specifically Uranus on the IC and the nodes specifically the North Node on the ascendant meaning the South node on The Descendant. This is super important. It also means by default that Uranus on this line is opposite the midheaven.


And you have to put that in there. It's not just generalized Uranus energy. Not just generalized Moon nodes energy. It is very specific.


that this is you know surrounding this person at home in close proximity. That's what it has to do with Uranus from like friends that come visit, you know, it could be that kind of energy as well on a positive side and the North Node on the ascendant. This is how can you use the Erratic eccentric technology at home. How can you use that to kind of further who you are and who you're supposed to be especially on a fundamental level in this world in this lifetime so that you can progress forward and get yourself outside of your comfort zone. However at the same time these And because the South knows on The Descendant it may be people that you're super comfortable with talking with that turn out to be, you know, kind of erratic and bring these weird situations into your life and then other people could be really good bonds, but I got to know how the nodes are in the chart and I got to know how Uranus is. I see the question one second. Let me finish this thought. So the North Node here.


doesn't really matter this matter so we know that Uranus is square the moon so we know that these erratic things that are happening are probably not going to be something that you enjoy doing. It's not something that's going to make you feel safe. It's going to be something that is actually going to make you feel more unsafe here now Uranus tends to be a place that a lot of people avoid anyway, but it's not a Bad Planet. You just got to know when and when to use it how to use it why to use it in infidelines with your goals?


if your goal if this person's goal is to be in a place that is comfortable then stay away from the Uranus line because it squares it squares a The moon anyway, right and then in terms of the nodes that's squaring Uranus too.


So there's already a square going on here. So this is going to create the friction necessary through erratic events to kind of push you forward. If you want to learn more about yourself and get spontaneity, whatever I wouldn't necessarily suggest not have to look deeper but suggest living here, but it might be a place that's just uncomfortable enough for you to kind of get out of a rut. It could be a place that you go visit could be a place that you go vacation. Maybe you're looking for something that's adventurous in upbeat and something that keeps you on your toes and maybe you don't sleep much maybe you don't care about sleeping much and if in that case the square is something that's actually going to be good for you because that's going to Exhilarate you a bit more Uranus is Remember conjunct Neptune and is conjunct Venus so both of these for vacation spending money meeting people that are going to be eccentric and erratic could be really good for finding out who you are. If you're trying to break out of stagnancy or this like more conservative feeling where you're being held back. This could be a great place. You don't want to avoid a line because somebody randomly said it's a bad line. You just have to know how it's gonna play out. If you're looking not for the things I just mentioned don't go there. Right? And this is what's really important. Why are you moving? I might say that a hundred times this class.


Why are you moving? There's no such thing as a perfect place. There are places that align with goals. That's Astro cartography.


Maria for career and business purposes. What should we look at?


It's all the same.


You're going to look at all lines and you're going to look for what is going to align with your midnight. Now this question.


We talk about this in the in my previous classes.


So I've done four classes so far we talk how to read career in business in these in your chart, but you're going to be looking for And the class I just taught last night is all about lenses. So all of this energy that you see in a natal chart applies to everyone at all or applies to this person at all times. There is no difference between the energy here.


In turn like you don't get a different chart for love a different chart for career all the energies in the same chart. So you have to look at it in the context or whatever you're looking for. So, you know, if it's love it's career if it's friendship, if it's it could be a million things and you have to change your mindset into you know, you switch gears into whatever it is you're looking at so for Korean business, it could be a lot of things. It depends seventh house. If you're looking to start your own career mid Heaven you want to know where the mid Heaven is aligning with the mid Heavens extremely important for career your tenth house the tenth house ruler the second house the sixth house both of their rulers the aspects to it. There's a lot that goes to it. The main thing to look at is the mid heaven.


When you're looking at career, but the midheaven is life purpose. So it's not just career. It's just you want to align life purpose with careers best as you can so you see a lot of people who went to send the tenth house to kind of naturally aligns, although the deck. It might be off when someone has like the mid heaven in the either the 11th and the ninth house and you only see them kind of doing their tenth house stuff and they're ignoring this is because they're not doing anything towards their life purpose. They're just working for the sake of working.


But that's a whole other class.


But the mid Heavens the main thing.


Is Uranus opposite the midheaven what you see in the relocated chart? I have no idea how you knew that aspect. Oh.


So when we looked at this here again.


This thing that I had pulled up a second ago.


We have Uranus in the moon's nodes right at the tops.


Click in there. It is right at the top here. Right right below it. We have distance and then right next to that we have these two so I have Uranus on the IC.


and I have The North Node on the ascendant and since we're talking about angles angles are always opposite each other. So the opposite of the IC is the midheaven the MC.


So therefore if Uranus is conjunct the IC it means it's by default opposite the mid heaven.


Yeah, the glyphs are small and like I said 99.9% of all people who do Astro cartography including me at the beginning ignored all this didn't I didn't even realize that this was sitting here because like you said, it's small. I actually ignored this. I even ignored the distance at first. I knew that closer, but I didn't really pay much attention to it. I still don't pay too much attention to it because you feel the energies regardless of distance, but I do note that if I'm looking for something and I have like a choice between two or three areas that if I really want to use that energy I'll use you know, the Lesser number because that means I'm closer to the the origin of that energy.


But yeah, it's really important to understand. It's not just Uranus in a generalized concept or the nodes.


It is in terms of how it relays on these angles. So this is extremely important is peronlines, right? So when I click around If I click down here for instance, so now I'm in I know around here's Harrisburg, right? So I clicked around here Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Now, this is not a far distance and I haven't done relocated charts yet.


We're gonna get to that.


But I know that when I do pull up her relocated chart that the actual chart the actual natal chart, you know what I gotta do it now because I don't want to throw you guys off. So here's what we're gonna do.


I'm gonna oh show you what I did, right. So I went back here. I go back to horoscopes and then I open up extended chart selection on I use a Mac, so I hold command and then I click it. So it opens a new tab that way. I don't lose this one. I click to the new tab. I scroll all the way to the bottom where it says reference place.


For here, I don't need to do the natal chart. I already know the energies whenever somebody says by the way, I'm thinking about moving back to my hometown or where I was born. You don't have to pull up a relocated chart for that. It is their natal chart right unless they're moving like around it but not to it and I'm talking about like a significant distance.


But if they're saying hey, I was born in Chicago. I'm thinking about moving back to Chicago.


There's no reason to pull up a relocated chart because you already know the energies. It's their natal chart that is their located. They're relocated.


So here I'm just going to pull up Harrisburg.


Pennsylvania and hit continue now Harrisburg is down here in the reference Place. Perfect.


I am doing a relocated chart. It still says under chart type natal chart wheel.


So you can click here and you can scroll all the way down and find relocation chart or if you're on a computer not a cell phone.


You can click it hit our and you're already at relocation chart hit enter. You'll see relocation chart. You'll also see that it says Needs reference place, which is a good reminder that if you forgot to go down to the bottom first that you can still do it, I think sometimes if you do though, let's say continue. Yeah, you have to know that it resets back to natal chart wheel so you don't want to just go click show the chart. You still have to go back and go to relocated chart then click show the chart. Now what we have here with this random person is you'll see here.


They were born at 4:15. It says 4:15, but it is actually this time we'll have adjusted. This is the same time zone. So this doesn't apply but you see that it's Harrisburg, Pennsylvania when you if if you're looking through a bunch of charts for instance, and I'm gonna get into this pretty soon. So I'll have a bunch up on mine. You'll see one at a time but I see a bunch of tabs. I'll have the map up. I might have local space. I might have progressions. I might have natal chart and I might have three or four different locations because That's what we do right? Sometimes they know sometimes we are curious and we pull up additional locations to see what that energy is like.


Make sure you're paying attention to the red area on Astro red area natal chart. That's a map red area relocation Harrisburg. That way you're looking at the right chart. That's what I'm always referencing when I'm bouncing back and forth. Okay, so I see here.


Move my map I'm gonna go back. So here's the natal chart again, right Scorpio Rising ascendant at 12 degrees 12 degrees is in the second of the first house, right? So they are a Neptune. They're basically a Scorpio Pisces, right? So they're Scorpio Rising with a Pisces flavor so to speak but it's at 12 degrees when I go to Harrisburg. I'm at 15 degrees 3 degrees not a huge difference. It can pull something in or out of an orb of influence for an aspect if you guys have taken my orb of influence class.


I'm sorry, that's not the name of the class name in the class was I foundations of interpretation if you've taken that class and you'll understand all of this where we talk about orders of influence, but 12 degrees versus 15 degrees. Although nominal can be very significant when you're talking about aspects. So for instance this person has a 16 degree Has a 16 degree part of Fortune at 12 degrees.


It's out of the orb of influence at 15 degrees. It's still kind of out of the orb of influence because both of these are mathematical points. And neither one of them actually has it. So if they go a little bit further east, they could have a conjunction or I'm sorry, you're not a conjunction a sex tile between their part of Fortune and their ascendant which could make them inherently lucky especially through sales Communications their local neighborhood and things like that. So if there's an opportunity, but again, you have to remember sometimes there's just no City there.


It might be the middle of a desert or not in Pennsylvania might be the middle of a forest.


And you know, there's no way to live there unless they go further north or south to find a city that sits on the 16th degree of ascendant. Most people are not looking.


To align themselves with a sex Tower the part of Fortune so we can move past that but I'm just putting it out there as a for instance here, right? So my point here.


Is they are within a conjunction to Series so they will feel more like they will have more of that mother nature take care of things and all the series asteroid series stuff will actually become more of their physical it'll interact.


It'll Fuse in with their physical body and the way that they they act within the world. They may actually be more it's in Scorpio.


So it's a little bit different but They could be.


Well, they actually could be a bit more spiritual here in this area.


slightly But that doesn't matter. What does matter is we're going from here to here and what ends up happening why it's important. Like I said their mid Heaven goes from 22 to 25. They're ascended goes from 12 to 15 in terms of general not generalized in terms of the types of readings that you're going to do the ascendant in the mid Heaven the IC and The Descendant all stay in the same sign in the same deck in in the same house. So if you're trying to tell somebody who or you know, talk to somebody who's like well I'm thinking about moving to Ontario. Let's assume this person the fictitious person number two doesn't isn't this person. Right? And let's say that they're like I want I'm thinking about move or let's say they are this person. I'm thinking about moving back to Ontario or I'm thinking about moving to Harrisburg for Pennsylvania, which ones better for me. Well based off of this. There's really not a lot that you're gonna go off of aside from maybe the asteroids aside from maybe something orb of influence goes in and those are important to look at right but it might not give you enough to make a definitive conclusion to say this is gonna be better. Especially if Series has nothing to do with their career like Maybe there's nothing to do with their yeah, like their career here or love so here this, you know midheaven has no aspect to hear the ruler has no aspect to there. So the second they even the second house ruler the sixth house ruler is Mars. Where's Mars?


At 12 degrees actually in their natal area. They would have a they would find work better in their natal area right unless they started going off on their own doing something different and then we got to look into that, right? Okay. So the difference is we showed you that Uranus on the ascendant.


I'm sorry Uranus on the IC and the North Node on the ascendant was the crossing line for Toronto.


Now I've clicked randomly.


Intentionally randomly into Harrisburg. And now what I have is crossing of the Moon and Venus now just because you see Venus doesn't always mean it's good right? I know that the moon and Venus Square each other naturally. So is this a good place?


I don't know. I don't know what their their goals are right, inherently. I want to say no, but that doesn't mean that it's not always right if this person is looking to If this person wants to get into real estate, and I'm not looking at the rest of the chart right now, but a moon Square Venus for Real Estate can be really good because it can give somebody that drive to really push for Value in something that has a like a home value or real estate or anything like that. This could be good in other aspects of life. It could be bad it just what is the goal?


I also know that in this case the moon's on the ascendant now that I don't know that I would I would want that because that doesn't have anything really to do with real estate because has nothing to do with the mid heaven or the IC, you know opposing the mid Heaven it has to do with the ascendant and then Venus on the IC.


So this is constant agitation with value at home Partners at home and there I'm sure positive ways. I'm blanking right now positive ways to use this, but you have to you have to you know.


And you know what? I'm just gonna continue this way at this conjunction There's real potential for harmonious connection with Central pleasure in the need for emotional security.


The this is the problem. I know that these planets Square each other so Harmony you're bringing two planets together that's Square each other. This could be really bad for this person. Right? So you can't use these generalized things here. You have to see how it's how it is in the chart now it is going to bring that that together and is going to accentuate this. So that's peronlines. I'm gonna move on. I want to point out here that we do have this harmonious aspects and harmonious aspects. This person has a lot of harmonious aspects in the Northeast. They have very little disharmonious now, In another class. I'm going to talk about why sometimes trines are bad and sometimes squares are good or often times are bad and oftentimes squares are good.


If you have too many tries to too many harmonious aspects without anything disharmonious, you could become very lazy and it can be very difficult to get any sort of motivation squares and oppositions and the hard challenging aspects are literally what push us forward.


It's they're there for a reason they become agitating because they require friction right? It's like atoms at a standstill.


They're not doing much but they also don't literally don't do anything. They're not moving. They're sitting there. They're absolutely nothing. They're not going to create any change in the world or within themselves. But when that object is in motion could be the same object if that object is motion. It's like it's a rock It's a energy speeds up and vibrates as it's moving as it's traveling and it starts to heat up and it can do things. Like if it's tumbling down a mountain or whatever and it can actually cause damage at that point and then it can split off and then it can do other things. Right. Obviously. It's very limited reference because it's a rock but you get the point. So harmonious aspects people are always like go here go here if you're looking to retire and you're looking to have just an easy life and you are the type of person that is not looking to build a career to To have any Adventures to kind of like stimulate your life in any way then. Yeah, maybe that's perfect for you. And this is again why it's really good to To know what it is you need and what the current needs the person asking because you have to align this with their goals.


So I've done this and we have this here, right? So we have looked at a relocated chart.


It's not very different. So let's pick some random place in the world. Let's let's just write.


Back, let's go over here. Let's see if there's anything going on in Europe.


Europe is a okay.


now this is actually perfect because it came into my head. I'm just gonna use London. No, I'm not a Mercury line doesn't give me enough I'm going to Mercury lines are not bad or anything. They're just very mentally stimulating communication legal contracts.


Organization sometimes service to others but it's you have to you have to go, you know, you have to want this if you're going for writing. Yeah, absolutely find a Mercury line.


Let's see. What's one Paris.


Hmm.


Now in order for me to get the crossing line for Paris, I've got to get away from these other lines.


Because they have an influence.


In the orbs of influence class we talk about how far a planet transmits its energy each one of these lines you'll read online that it goes four to 700 miles forward to 700 miles 4 to 700 miles false false false false this line. Remember that this planet or this line rather is a planet that is on an angle. So therefore It's orb of influence and its distance. It's mileage is determined by whatever Planet we're talking about. So if you have if we're talking about a moon line, which has a two to three degree orb of influence versus a Saturn line that has a seven to eight degree orb of influence. One of those is going to be a longer distance away that you're still going to feel that Saturn influence versus the moon line, which you have to be very close to in order to feel it and you're going to be able to verify that when you do the relocated chart you don't have to worry about it here.


Paris I'm pretty sure is close enough to the ascendant, but you always verify so if I click, it's Paris, it's showing me the Mars ascendant line here. It's basically highlighting this one over where in the prawn section so I got to go out here and just kind of verify its Moon and Mercury that are crossing there if I want to go down here is the sun and the moon's nodes if I want to go to Madrid.


We'll Madrid tell me Jupiter and Saturn, you know, I'm gonna choose Madrid instead. I like that. So we still have Mars on the ascendant. We still have Neptune on the ascendant and we have Madrid smack dab in the center and that when I click it.


On the right hand side. It is showing me a crossing of Jupiter.


And Saturn right and it's telling me that Jupiter's on the midheaven and Saturn's on the ascendant. This can be great for work. So I think as Maria asked me about about work and career right Jupiter on the mid heaven now again, I got to look at everything in the chart, but it could be good for work expanding out anything on the mid have anything anything that has to do with like teaching or Consulting or politics or anything like that and wherever, you know Jupiter sits as the ruler of so wherever Sagittarius is in the chart is what we're really amplifying in terms of career and outward action here Saturn again, wherever Capricorn is is going to influence how you are in the world. But also Saturn in the first house on the ascendant is going to make you very work oriented and feel older and more responsible.


So if you're looking for a place where you can really knock out a career.


And be a superstar. This might be a good idea a good place for you is in Madrid right now if you turn around say I don't want to learn Spanish.


I'll turn around to you and say you should have told me that before we started this reading but you know, you narrow it down based off of you know, pull it. Sometimes it's political sometimes, you know, somebody's looking to move somewhere like in the United States and like I don't want to move to a red area or I don't want to move to a blue area. Well, that's helpful.


Like I don't care what your your politics are, but I'm trying to position you somewhere. If I tell you if you're you know, hardcore Republican and I tell you to move to Los Angeles, you're gonna be like no, right. So it's very important to know these things up front. Right? So we're gonna check out Madrid. So again we go back to any of our open things. We click on we hold for Mac. We hold the command key click on chart selection open up. The new tab. First thing I do is go back down to the reference place.


Click other town. I just leave it on the whole world because I just type it out. So Madrid's Spain Spain.


Spain there it is. I could have looked down the list as well. But sometimes I just type it.


chart type relocated and then hit show chart.


So this is their sorry. I keep sniffling and touching my nose guys. Allergies have been weird this last week. This is the relocated chart for Spain.


This was Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.


And this was the natal chart. So now we're starting to collect a bunch of tabs here.


Which can get mixed up. So make sure you have some sort of order here. I also want to point out here. Something is very important. Is that if you go to When you leave these charts up, right? So I have Harrisburg, Pennsylvania and I have this if I since I don't need Harrisburg anymore, I'm just gonna do this. If I for whatever reason have to either go back go forward or refresh or even even hit the transits button, right? So if I refresh it'll refresh everything the it's not showing here but in the top do do you can barely see but this blue button right there, right if I hit that button.


Watch What Happens?


All the sudden that Harrisburg Pennsylvania turns into Madrid Spain. So this software does not remember the places you went. So if you have these tabs up every single time you flip back to a tab. Make sure it still says what you think it says always check this red area.


Because now I have the transits on.


You know and the transits for this date and but we are no longer in Harrisburg. We are in Spain, right and then here's my other tab. Spain still says Spain because that's the last relocation we did.


So be very careful when you're doing this that you don't refresh anything hit transits. If you know, you're gonna use transits make sure you pull up the the relocation and then hit transits and then go to your next relocation hurt turn on transits and do it that way. All right, so just a quick tip.


Um, you'll notice here that the natal chart that they were born at 4:15 am and that has been adjusted to 10 15 am in Madrid because it is a different place.


So the time zone has been adjusted.


So those Crossing Lines Taylor you clicked on out in the ocean applied to where?


We're looking I think Paris major. Oh.


Yes, so Crossing Lines are latitude and Alliance. They go east and west they go this way.


All right, so usually I'll double check right?


I didn't but I should have but I do normally oh here I did for Madrid. I didn't because I clicked right here. Oops.


I clicked right here and it showed me.


It's really important to also know this is fun.


I'm gonna show you this because this happens every once in a while too and you'll actually feel both energies. So when I click here it says Crossing Jupiter Saturn when I click here Crossing Jupiter Saturn when I click here, Moon and Jupiter.


So now it's emphasizing the moon. So depending on how the moon situated it may or may not be better the moon on the midheaven with Jupiter on the ascendant.


Over here. It's interesting. It's Jupiter on the midheaven and Saturn the ascendant so That's an interesting set of energies. They're right next to each other.


And the moon Jupiter line is stronger of the two.


Because the number is lower.


But when you're to answer your question, though.


When I was up here when I was clicking around Paris, and I couldn't get a clear line here because when I click you guys don't see it, but when I click over here, it says Mars to send it when I click right next to it says Neptune ascendant, which is this line and this line.


It's telling me that it's basically being pulled into these energies then in order to get paris's energy.


What I would normally do is click here. I try to stay latitudinal. It's like click here. I have Crossing Moon and Mercury then I come over here Crossing Moon and Mercury so I know this whole line is crossing Moon and mercury in here.


So I just click here click here to verify because if I'm too close to a line, it won't show me these peronlines. This is a unfortunate oversight I think with Astros website It just something you have to work with and work around. I'm going to make sure that in our software you don't have to do this our software is also just going to be whole science. You don't have to worry about all the other stuff, you know, it'll be specifically for how we teach moving forward because I think I just think it's important for everybody to get the accuracy. But yeah, sometimes you can't click in here. Like if you're looking for like this spot, you're gonna have to come all the way out here and they come all the way out here, which is Sun Moon's nodes up here is Moon and Mercury so that's that let's come back into Madrid real quick. We have all these lines that are crossing and we're gonna know how much these influence in just a moment. Boom. Here's the moment.


Madrid is a Capricorn rising and all of this energy.


I believe was in the third house, right? Yes that was sitting here in the third house because they are natally naturally and Natalie a Scorpio Rising.


They are now a Capricorn rising in Madrid now again, they do not stop being a Scorpio Rising. It's just that the longer they stay in Madrid.


the more they're going to start feeling this chart over their natal chart, they'll they'll actually use transits to both they'll use progressions only to their natal and they'll use And they'll use the the energies from this and from their needle, but like I said the longer they stay the more this is going to happen. What ends up happening is this person's career, which is in Scorpio mid heaven and Scorpio in the 11th house with a Libra tenth house. This energy here is in addition to their no they just have this mid Haven Leo tenth house and Leo, so whatever this is children entertainment romance gambling speculation.


whatnot for Leo that it adds to Libra and Scorpio energy and their midheaven life purpose and their career direction would be more 11th house oriented which has to do with groups organizations technology.


So on and so forth right hopes and dreams future yada, even humanitarianism potentially.


on a Scorpio level so we would add all this energy in now I know.


And this is what's important.


I know that natally their Chiron is in the 12th house, right? And I know that Chiron plays out as the wounded healer, which means it's either the wound or it's the healing aspect.


or potentially both When you use energy for your best interest, it becomes very difficult for the energy to manifest in the other way in the quote unquote worse way.


So if they are a Healer, especially through medical system and caring and nurturing and anything that has to do with ninth house Energies.


Then you know it can be really good for them. Otherwise, it becomes it likely with this person. Is that whatever they went to school for they either had to switch and do something else or they had to you know, there's there's a lot to it.


Right depends what lens we're looking at all this in.


now if we're talking about career, I know we're gonna talk about love someone talked about career. So let me just look at career here, right? So if we're talking about career and I click this Chiron is now in the 10th house.


This has to do with Public Image and reputation Chiron can become an issue in Madrid. They can have a bad reputation based off of this and they could also have a very difficult time starting their own business. So they may end up having to work for somebody else shared resources, but they would make more money there anyway, so this might not be a bad thing because you have to look at everything here.


And this Chiron just needs to be healed So within there they need to be known as a Healer of some sort, especially when it comes to Libra type things either law.


Well, you factor the the natal chart in here this natal chart you factor it in as well. But assuming I'm not paying attention to that anything Libra which is usually like owning your own business or law or partnership or anything in the beauty industry. It's on and so forth.


and this could even be that like and here's the thing is just because you see Chiron this is important just because you see Chiron here doesn't mean that they can't own their own business or they can't have a good reputation just needs to be that they're that that Chiron is included in the energies, right? So let's say in this area they end up doing like, you know something for for fun right their career is just something fun. We use Leo as fun and it's rulers in the second house and that has to do it.


With let's just say money making a lot of money. I do something for fun to make a lot of money, right?


Cool, then I look over here and I say okay, so I own my business now that I'm in Madrid.


And what I like to do for fun is now designing homes that were renovating, right?


So renovation would be Chiron and then midheaven the 11th house is you know within the community. I have a tighten it bond with the community and I'm also working to transform the community. So maybe this is somebody who's going to Madrid specifically to like Renovate and maybe update, you know low income type areas because they're they're career was already focused on money, especially internationally or culturally, right? So since the that this energy can manifest that they make a lot of money for the sake of making money culturally speaking and through something that they enjoy doing and through International now, they've gone International, you know, right? We're in Madrid.


And now we see that the business that they now own is doing that is helping out helping one-on-one. Maybe they're helping families because the Moon is also families. Maybe that's what they're doing helping families one at a time doing something humanitarian to help out. Right and we can dive deeper. I'm just making up scenarios right now based off of some of the energy not the entire chart.


But that's the kind of energy that we would see there and on top of that. We also know again that in Madrid at least on the lower side of it that Jupiter.


on the midheaven and and Saturn on the ascendant. So when we look at the relocated chart Jupiter is not on the midheaven Jupiter.


Is in the 12th house conjunct the sun over here.


Which has to do with things that are either compassionate or behind the scenes or spiritual or whatever.


But the energy the parallel energy of it being on the midheaven. So it is expanding out the midheaven, you know a lot and in this person's chart.


It's squaring Saturn so that can be positively used if it is real estate that they are their luck comes from, you know friction with structure. So maybe one of the issues that they have and they have to get over is that they have issues with the government.


Maybe what they're doing has difficulty there, right? Because there's also a semisex tile with Jupiter with Venus, which also has to do with money. So maybe there's something about the money government money.


Or something along those lines that is an issue that they have to deal with but once they do it allows them to do great things.


If they know this energy ahead of time, then they can align themselves with the appropriate government because this these two energies are being highlighted. So whatever they're doing with their career and themselves. This square is actually happening and is pulling that energy together.


I hope that all makes sense because this becomes a highlight and a focus of the area and anything that happens with Jupiter anything that happens with Saturn as well.


Going back to here.


One of the first things I look at when I'm aside from peronlines are these lines right?


Now you do not need to be anywhere actually near one of these lines one of these major lines. That is such a myth that Astro cartography says this is where you need to be or this is where you need to be right most social media astrologers actually some of the pros too. I've seen them, you know do readings and they would never tell you to go to Madrid because it's too far away or let's say more importantly they would tell you over here never move to this area because there's nothing there for you.


I agree because there's nothing there but there is harmony here. So it depends on what stage of Life what they're looking to go for maybe is for traveling there could be something really good here could be some really good stuff here.


But this chart's a little bit difficult to explain what I'm trying to say, but sometimes they'll say basically that lines are too far from each other like maybe here maybe in Brazil right this lines too far away from here. This line is too far away from here should never go here because you'd have no reason to go there and I just strongly disagree with that especially since there's some lines here that are disharmonious because that's what I just clicked.


Especially to Jupiter and the sun with the midheaven so actually and this is something I'll have to talk about separately. But Brasilia Brazil may be a really good place for expansion of career, right? It's something challenging. It's something that actually gives them, you know something so I'm gonna look at Brazil next.


But I'm going to come back up here.


Not to Africa to Spain.


Because I want to go over the first area and we have Mars on the ascendant and we have this disc harmonious line. I'm not gonna worry about that right now. We have Neptune on the ascendant. So we want to know through these lines actually impact Us in Madrid, right? So here's Madrid.


And let me zoom out.


And Mars on the ascendant the ascendant is at 18 degrees Mars is at 12 degrees. If you've taken my orb of influor, I gotta stop calling it that if you taking my class that talks about orbits of influence, you know that Mars has about a four degree orb of influence which takes it to 1650 which is outside of the orb of influence. So technically speaking. This is not a conjunction and the line the Mars ascendant line does not affect this person in this area. Now if they travel West the ascendant will move this way. So if they travel West there it is the line.


And go over to Lisbon then yeah, so if they're looking for Mars on the ascendant type stuff and you have to see what Mars on the ascendant means, right? So in this case the ascendant moving up here will put it Saturn Saturn.


So if they maybe they do communication and work. Maybe they talk to a lot of people.


I'm not going to get much into this in this class, but I do want to talk about just for a second. There's something in Astro cartography called remote activation. No one talks about that either.


You do not have to go to an area.


to use its energies and that's a I just I wish more people would talk about it, but they don't you do not have to go to an area to use this energies the easiest way to tap into that energy and use remote activation is to have like a picture of the place or work with people from the place. So a good for instance.


I'm not gonna pull up my stuff now is my developer team is from Delhi.


Delir New Delhi in India, right? And I have a Mars line. I think my Mars mid Haven line goes right through there with some some good lines as well. Right, so There's a Neptune line. There's something else with Uranus or something, but those lines go right through there. I work with them and they activate those lines within my chart.


And all the things that happen that are good happen just as my chart says and also bad and the bad things I know of because I know about remote Activation. So I just handle those as they come and work with it along with my transits.


So this person could work with people they might live in Madrid and work with people from Lisbon to get something done. That is very specific here communication maybe the job maybe their job is remote or or maybe they are in real estate.


And doing it and there's an office in Lisbon that they have to communicate with all the time.


For whatever reason right? There's a lot and there's a lot of other energies here. I'm just going to leave it at that now.


The ascendant coming back to Madrid the ascendant is on at 18 degrees and junos at 19 degrees. So partnership is a huge part of their life here.


Often on and not direct partnership because of this being in the same house here but partnership in some level is so again, I'm going to stick with the real estate thing. Maybe it's not a real estate partner. Maybe they're significant other is a part of it, but they don't exactly work with them directly. Maybe they own the company but their partner kind of comes in and out and helps.


Maybe they have people that they work with but they only work with them as they need those jobs. Maybe it's like I got this electrician. I really only work with this one guy or this one girl and I bring them in when I need them and when they're done I pay them what they're whatever and we just move on right so we could be that way.


So those energies got to know how they play out, but that's there. So we know that the Mars line doesn't affect them. Now. We have this other line the Neptune ascendant line we're going to do the same thing Ascend into 18 degrees here Neptune at 24 degrees. Neptune does not go out that far. So also the Neptune line doesn't apply. So if you don't want to deal with Neptune on the ascendant or Mars on the ascendant Madrid is a great place, but just understand that if you go over here you go over here you're going to deal with them for this fictitious person or if it were you and your chart.


All right, so we know that now the reason why I brought up the fact that you don't have to live on these energies is because they're heavy they're heavy heavy energies. And even the sun Jupiter Venus things that seem really good supposedly again, it differs per person.


Being on that line 100% of the time all the time can be exhausting. It can be too much. If it's Jupiter.


You can get very big on Jupiter. You can have heavy losses on Jupiter with Venus.


You can have like too many people that are constantly depending if especially if it's a Scorpio Venus or if it's like aspecting Pluto or in the eighth house. You can have a lot of people obsessed with you in a very creepy way because you're on a Venus line if it is a sunline, it could be that you get your you know, you want to be a private person but you can't because everybody knows you and you might be doing very well for yourself, but you're just might not be what you're looking for again.


For the however manyth time you have to know what your goals are. What is the question? What are you looking for so that we can align you with your goals?


I know that your natal chart is this I know that when you go to Madrid that you become very work oriented off and on there's definitely a spiritual aspect in your community you again more work oriented because the ruler of Saturn's placement is here, it's Capricorn and there's definitely either compassion musics, you know.


Medical or whatever that is interjected here, but also identity communication or huge part.


I have a double dose of communication here also with work. It's definitely a place again that's very work oriented the tenth house ruler here. And as long as you're using higher on positively it's great. If you're not using Chiron, you're not healing you're doing things selfishly whatnot. This can be an issue and then you're also talked about Chiron and Libra. So relationships are always a bit of a struggle but this is put out in the public sphere. So everybody knows whatever your issues are. So either they know you because you have relationship issues or they know you because you guys help other people and you guys are healers and and it's a North Node. So it's you know, and Paul is there so strategy for building and kind of stepping into this type of energy here, right?


And then we would do a full chart reading to see how that plays in right?


So we we kind of know this energy.


You do not necessarily need to be on a line.


What we do is we click in harmonious aspects in Madrid.


When we come in we know.


based off of this that Mars is sextile the mid heaven now sex tiles are harmonious, but they are hidden opportunities and then we have Saturn sex tile the ascendant. So both of these are I can do it and if I want to do it and I want to use this energy I can and it will always be there on reserve for me and it almost crosses across the south of Madrid but it's close enough, right? So if I go here and again, the reference points you want to know the orb of influence you want to know if it actually affects them.


And here's what's interesting. This is where you really get into it. If you're looking depending on how far your zoomed in zoomed out it may feel like Madrid is too far away from the Saturn Line. Sometimes the level of Zoom can disorient you a little bit and make you think that one thing is too close or too far away or whatever which is why again always reference the relocated chart.


This one's pretty obvious, but we always double check. Anyway, this one's like I don't know if you'll actually feel this. Well this distance that you see here.


It's funny because when I go here, I see an 1845 18 degrees 45 minutes for the ascendant and Capricorn and I see a Saturn at 1834.


So nine minutes.


11 minutes off got to do the math the other way 11 minutes off right not even a degree.


Barely almost completely on right. It looks like it might be a bit further away. It's not so this you'll definitely feel and this will make somebody, you know studious and you know abstract thinking and whatnot. So and that would be to their benefit. So this is basically a problem solving type of thing. They'd be very good at it.


And it is a talent. It's a hidden talent that they don't necessarily have in their natal chart right Saturn. They have a Trine so it kind of It it's different trying since it's interesting is coming up now trying and sex tiles are both harmonious, but very different sat trines are always LinkedIn. So your hard work, you're just naturally a hard worker.


Saturn sextile ascendant is you can dig in right and that's completely different. Now if you naturally have a Trine and you move to a place of the sex tile it's like you're already a hard worker and here you can be a harder worker when you want to be That's a nice option. I think.


Mars here MERS Mars what?


Oh Martin Yeah, Mars in the midheaven. Sorry, I thought I read something wrong.


So 12 degree Mars 13 degree midheaven. Yes another sex tile here. All right, so in the mid heaven and and Mars here is taking action towards doing it and we have to factor in Capricorns energy Mars and Capricorn versus mid-heavenous Scorpio. Again, that's for a chart reading which we're not doing here. But this is an option that they have there as well.


I'm gonna turn that off so you don't get confused. I'm gonna hit this harmonious.


in this area the only disharmonius one I see is Moon Square the ascendant.


This may not be a place whereas Moon.


Oh, no, this is actually a good one or could be a good one.


The Moon is a sense of home, but the homes in the public life that's part of the job. Right? So the Moon is the ruler of the seventh house in this chart and it is squaring 20 here 18 here. So that counts it is squaring the ascendant here. This can create agitation between the things you want to do in the things that make you feel comfortable and the things that make you feel at ease when it comes to in this case your own business and or your Public Image or you know how people see you in relationships now, this can be not fun.


If basically what ends up happening is you and your partners every time you fight the feeling gets worse because people seem to always either start your fights for you or or witness to your fights and then it brings down the esteem and makes the relationship actually worse. So you have to know that ahead of time to make sure you handle this in a positive way because you can use squares as friction in a positive way for growth and to be able to get things done in terms of this business. It's really good to say, you know what I am acting on this business because I want to get things done and it will make you faster more pioneering and more.


It'll just expedite things a bit more and put more energy into it. So if you're trying to get there and you actually want to work in your career, like I said in terms of career Major is a really good spot for this person, right? So we'll turn that off. We've looked at Madrid.


We like it. Let's say it wasn't good for whatever reason and now we want to move over to Brazil and this is where we're gonna end on is Brazil.


And then I'll talk about a few more things and then we'll wrap out.


So we're here in Brazil.


And I just have major lines here Saturn on the IC Mercury on the ascendant and Jupiter on the ascendant out here. We want to know do any of these lines impact. Maybe this person's call to Brazil and we don't know why. So the first thing we do is we click in the Brazil and we see the puron line.


I'm not going deep into Brazil like I did with Madrid by the way crossing of the Moon and Neptune moon on the midheaven.


Neptune on the ascendant now that's going to bring in Neptunian and lunar energies together that have to do with kind of swimming along and just doing things as you want with a comfort within your job. So to speak as one way to interpret it, right. You can read all this to see What it is, but just understanding that a Pisces Rising and Neptune in the first house ascendant with any sort of aspect going to Neptune can make it very difficult to connect to the real world. It usually brings in the spiritual realm or escapism into it. So this could be a person a place that makes somebody a bit lazier here depending on how this all plays out in the rest of the chart. Okay.


And it also Blends these energies. That's the other thing a pron line does so it's gonna blend Home your what you do with your career in this and what you end up doing with your life in this scope of things and it is going to do some of these things here. That's where I was so their materialistic Pursuits that's because of the escapism basically.


Yeah your moons if you look at the actual without diving into what placement it's in just look at the Moon and Neptune when you bring those energies together. Anyway, again, it's on the mid heaven. So it's more like outward. It's what people see and when you're out in public and Neptune, you may feel very confused about the area with Neptune being confusion and moods and not really know how you feel about the area most of the time.


But we'll end that we're not going to dive deep into that.


I'm going to go here. I'm going to go to extended chart selection.


Taylor says I'm looking at my relocated chart for Boulder.


I see that my jupyter line included line both reach Boulder with their orbs of influence in my relocated chart.


I see that Pluto squares Jupiter. So with this aspect play it.


Play out for me in this location. Did I turn?


Yes, so that Pluto squaring Jupiter is going to be a highlight.


And then whatever Jupiter and Pluto are connected to outside of that plus the houses that the rim will be a focus and then also just Jupiter and Pluto in general. So a lot of transformation a lot of digging deep psychology. If you want to dive into like cultural psychology and learn more about the rest of the world.


That could be it. Usually it's very hidden. So travel is difficult to do there unless you're doing it like you would have to you would have to really schedule travel once you got there.


Jupiter and Pluto Jupiter and Pluto. Yeah, like I said the sign matters and then the house matters and then the other aspects matter, but Jupiter and Pluto is you're taking those two and it's also a lot of magnetism a lot of sexuality. So depending on what it is you're looking to do there.


And you want to look you want to look again to see with Jupiter and Pluto what angles we're talking about there.


So we're here. We're gonna look at Brasilia.


I really don't know which one this is.


so Let me see.


I see, San Paulo.


No, Sebastian.


I don't want to give the wrong information. Not that it matters in my looking at somebody's real chart, but I don't want to screw it up either.


Go we're gonna use this. It's right next to it.


Relocation click it show the chart.


And Sagittarius Rising here. So a lot of focus on themselves, actually this would be a place where they're quite intense. We're bringing in a lot of focus on them a lot of focus on potentially on making money, although their money situation is very interesting here.


Pluto so it could be very spiritual place for them. A lot of behind the scenes that kind of come to fruition.


A lot of culture a lot of culture a lot of travel here is could just be a vacation destination as well.


With that and then that's what we have there.


With both with those three energies that's very much a travel destination location.


Although yeah, Saturn and Pisces.


In the fourth house and that being in the second house in Capricorn.


with here, it's like they would have to really think if this is somewhere that they would want to live and they would need to be near water.


So they would need to be like in this area or move over to here or be on the river or something along those lines. So But more so it's in Capricorn. So it's more like yeah, it's more like River or like waterfall or there's a lot of energy here with this.


in nature Something that changes excuse me.


It's changes a lot.


Or electric current not the dive into that later something powerful. That's usually like a probably waterfall.


It also changes directions.


With the current the waterfall doesn't but the current does.


And then this is usually air.


So yeah, if they live near a waterfall would be perfect for them. So if they're in that area, that's kind of what they would want to be looking for as a waterfall or something that has like dips and Dives and stuff like that with it that keeps a a constant stream that's can be a little erratic and choppy at times.


So that's what they're looking for there for the home and I got that off of Pisces and Saturn in their fourth house are looking for structure mountainous like terrain, but also Venus is in there and that's on the second house of value and nature and all that stuff. So We're here. We're looking around. We're still looking at career.


You would add to their natal chart. You would no longer pay any attention to anything that you looked at in Madrid, right? So if they were born in Toronto here and they have moved to or considering Madrid even if they've lived there. You don't consider any of this energy. It doesn't matter what they've done in Madrid because this energy is not their natal energy. It is their relocated energy. So as soon as they leave this goes away Fades into nothingness.


And then we're back to our natal chart and then the natal chart is added into here. So whatever this was for midheaven and Leo Leo being in the second house and here travel or or You know anything culture or whatnot when they go to Brazil, they would be of service they would they would be working. They would be anything that potentially do with health. So if it was at one point, I was talking about medical if it was medical then this would be more of like service like maybe they end up going there for Working one-on-one with like families that are disabled or have some like specific like diseases or something along those lines whereas Mercury Mercury is in the second house.


Value with all this other again that could be diseases. So maybe that's what they're doing. Right? So let's say they're not in real estate over here. Let's say and and by the way, this could have been like care. This could have been like one-on-one patient care for something as well. But It doesn't matter. We didn't dive into that deep enough to know here. It's usually service to others something detail oriented and that's what they're doing. Right? So that's service and it's very culture oriented and it's likely travel.


Or foreigners or anything that has to do with culture specifically as well.


Right, and there's a lot to learn in this area. They're gonna learn about themselves. Learn a lot in the North in the nodes also change as well.


So when I zoom out here is mercury on the ascendant. I always double check this I do this very quickly, by the way. I just take a glance look at the stuff and move on. It's not like I spend a lot of time asking my you know, is this here?


Is this here? Is that no, I take a quick glance this this and this I want to know is the sun on the ascendant. No, it's 10 degree. It's it's 10 degrees. So if it is it's at the very tail in and I wouldn't even bother is Jupiter on the ascendant, which is really interesting because Jupiter is actually closer than the Sun but it is actually further away.


It's crazy how this works.


Jupiter's actually further away from the ascending here.


So no that's not in the orb of influence either Saturn on the IC 7 to 18. No, that's 11 degrees.


No Saturn's not affecting that and Mercury on the ascendant which has a very small orb of influence. No, not even close 14 and Mercury's in the next house. So this is a very large distance no major energy. So if they're going here, it's not for any like karmic reason or anything extravagant. They would be going for other reasons now, when I go here to harmonious they have well, let's see. So we have Uranus and often. I don't even use this I use it for reference. Usually I'll look in here to see if 14 degrees. I just go around here 14 18. So I've got a square to Saturn.


Let's check. I didn't get the disarmonious.


Let's just do that real quick Square to Saturn's interesting is not even showing up.


Oh, it's out here.


This is really weird.


14 ascendant 18. Yeah, that's a square.


So it that's crazy. Right? So some of the like that's showing all the way out here, but that just has to do with the slow moving energy and whatnot. And you also have to realize too the reason why sometimes these are backwards, which is also I'm actually glad that this came up during my class. This is also why you cannot look at the lines. You can't look at the lines because who in their right mind would ever say that in Brazil Saturn with square the ascendant no one so no one reading the charts would ever say that this would happen. This is the biggest thing.


I kind of want to come back after make a video off of this because this is what's going on.


Right in the chart though. It is a four degree difference that is a square within the orb of influence of Saturn as absolutely a square even though it is that far away.


And we're still here. We're in Brazil.


right Here's I'm going to do I'm going to double check something real quick.


Because I don't want to lead you guys astray.


I want to make sure that there's not like 10 of these different cities because every once in a while, I'll see that And then I if I'm talking about the wrong area, then that's not going to be.


so s Jo Brazil doesn't give me the coordinates.


We have the coordinates.


Give me a second. I'll double check this coordinates 203.


Oh.


I can't spell San Sal.


a show Holy crap.


Here's I'm gonna do I'm gonna go back. I'm just gonna do Priscilla. I'm gonna use Google to give me the actual coordinates.


So I'm not giving any misinformation.


Brazilia Brazil must be this one 47 15 by 47.


The other ones are too far away. So I'm going to use this one.


And then I'm going to do relocation chart and let's move forward from here. So let's look right here Brazil.


Well that changes a completely so it must have been so I I apologize that was clearly the wrong area.


but sometimes I'm glad that they come up though because sometimes these lines usually they don't cross like that which is what I was like, this is a bit too far away, but sometimes there's lines are very misleading and it is important because a lot of times I'll see somebody like you know this line here like this sun Square midheaven can be like You could be here and still feel this one but not really feel another minor line. That could be over here. I know that's major. All right. So let's continue on with Priscilla because I have a feeling it was Somewhere around here that we were actually looking at because the sun being closer that would that never happens, so I had to double check that.


cool Capricorn rising that's because everything's Slants out, right?


Literally literally Slants this way.


goes through All right. We'll keep going persilia. All right, so let's look at the new chart real quick Jupiter. Let's turn that off Saturn on the IC I see is it 26 degrees?


No, it's right outside the orb of influence. So that doesn't apply Jupiter on the ascendant.


Jupiter yes.


Jupiter does reach in barely barely, I wouldn't count on Jupiter on the ascendant for for this energy, but it does barely reach. It's interesting that Saturn doesn't.


And then Mercury on the Ascend it's going to be too far away, right? Yeah.


It's mercury has a smaller orb of influence and no Mercury on this sentence too far away. So probably comes to about here on this map. Right? So here's Brazil, Brasilia.


This is what happens guys when you wing it, and you just choose random things.


To do and I click here and it's in Brazil.


Is Moon and Neptune?


And then just below it Annapolis and all this area is Moon Venus. So you'd want to analyze both of those right. Now we want to do is harmonious aspects we see these here.


Venus trying the midheaven 26 Venus is at 24. Yes.


That's a Trine so that applies.


Where to go this one here applies Neptune and I'm breaking this down again. You would do this very quickly, but Neptune trying the midheaven.


24 and I know that the Venus does then Mark then these two were conjunct and then so is this one so all this would apply because they're basically within a very small orb of influence of each other. So all three of these apply this harmonious Here is Sun and Jupiter are both squaring. You can see here squaring the mid Heaven zoom in a little bit more and then Sun and Jupiter right here 24 and 26 the mid Heavens at 26. So yes, they're both are Jupiter's a direct square. It's also the rule of the 12th house is very spiritual place. This would be definitely be something that they would do like humanitarian spiritualism back here because the 11th house rulers in the 12th house and it spills back to the 11th house. So group or an organization that they would go and have deep on something hidden something that's not really spoken about too much something spiritual could even be a place where they end up going.


Well that's been having a Virgo.


So a service to others and then that's in the first house Capricorn.


So this would be a good place to work if that's what they're doing.


Libra is working one-on-one again, this could be their own thing. So this could be very similar to Madrid but the difference between it is that the mid Heavens in a very different location the mid Heaven image rid was over here in the 11th house. It's in the ninth house. So the 11th house is working with groups organizations society humanitarianism and hope streams future in the ninth house. It's more about your own education finding your own place in the world doing things your own way that lead into a career.


Getting yourself in order to do those things and kind of marching to the beat to your own drum, even though they're because we're talking about Virgo into Capricorn very work career-oriented and has to do with structure here. We have Neptune here. So again that pulls back in so it's interesting that because of the line that cuts diagonally like that. You're seeing a lot of the same types of energies, but instead of the mid Heaven here the mid Heavens over here. So the purpose there and the the IC meaning how they would feel on a very internal level would be different.


It would be much more comfortable in Madrid. It'd be a bit more ethereal and more like they would also be very in Madrid because the IC would have been here in Taurus. They would have been a bit more.


About why they're there and the things that they like they would be much more like clinging on to it.


Very stubborn. That's the word. I'm looking for a very stubborn more fixed because it's a fixed sign over here is more mutable, but it's more like finding your way more compassionate a bit more intuitive in this area as well bit more spiritual in this area. It's just depends again.


What are you what are your goals? And what are you lining up for? What is it that you're trying to do? So These are the energies again super important to figure out to make sure that you're when you're reading you're like if it starts feeling off use your intuition and go double check because if it's off you don't want to give wrong information. So what I ended up doing was just doing a quick Google search.


And putting in the town and finding the and typing in the I spell coordinates wrong, but typing in coordinates I was doing it quick and then matching that with Astro because when you type in the city for Astro it will if there's multiple like it was here.


If you didn't see before I'm just showing you again Brazil. Yeah.


So even though we're it's all in Brazil. There's a bunch of them. I matched the coordinates the 15 and the 47. So I knew that this was where we were talking about.


cool Okay, so that's we have all that.


If you're looking for love, you're looking for whatever what you're doing in in astrology in Astro cartography is your turning this chart. I'm gonna pick a random spot in the world Tokyo it is I didn't look at it. I'm just picking a random City. Maybe this person's like I was thinking about going to Tokyo now if somebody's randomly picking up Tokyo and and like Australia and like Utah like they clearly don't know why they're moving and it's going to be very very difficult for you to figure out a place for them. I had two of those the other day neither person knew why they were moving other than I just want to be happier and it's not a good reason you want to move because you're looking for You know ideal friendships you're looking for whatever and a lot of people will be like, well, I'm just looking for the best place for me doesn't work. That way. I can't stress that enough. There's no such thing as the best place for you without context.


There is a good place for you. There are many good places for you, but you have to know context and we need to know what the parameters are so that we can narrow it down for me. I know that my best place so far anyway is in an area that is between lines like this, right?


So this is not a bad place just because there's no lines going through Brasilia doesn't mean it's a bad place. Same thing with Madrid just because there's no direct line here. That means you're not constantly dealing with that hard energy all the time even good because there's too much of a good thing is a real thing for me Los Angeles is a really good place for me, but there's no major line going through there in Tampa.


There is a major line. It's Pluto on the IC that I'm dealing with and I have started a spiritual business. I've done a lot with the occult that a lot of change personal growth even like types of therapy spiritual therapy and things like that because I want to grow and I'm changing and that's all I'm becoming a very different person when I go back to Los Angeles, I won't be doing exactly what I did before because I'm not that person anymore.


And I have a new future and a new trajectory. I needed to come here. But in Los Angeles has certain squares that I need because my my Chart is full of shrines. And that's the only thing is when you look here and you look at this chart.


Maybe I don't want to put this person.


When if it comes to career?


Maybe I do want to give this person a place that has some squares, but if it's love.


With all this energy here.


Especially the moon if they're looking for a place where they feel comfortable. I don't necessarily want to put a place that adds a square to the Moon.


Right. I don't want to add to a ton of squares already.


I want to balance it out. That's what astrology is all about for me.


I got a ridiculous amount of trying up here in one square down here. So me moving the Los Angeles in terms of balance was good for me because my son squares my midheaven.


And more squares my ascendant there and it gave it gave me the drive and the desire to make something of myself that I don't naturally have in my chart.


So that's another thing that you want to look at when you're looking at these someone's got a ton of squares don't move them to a place that has all the the square aspects right if you see a place that like here disharmonious aspects.


the only downside here for them living here is the moon Square the ascendant. So if they go here and they want to work on something or they want to like If they want to to push that energy to become something or get over this or really hone in on this energy sure move here. If it's for work could be great if it's for living there. I don't know if this is the right place for them. Right and we only looked at two I don't have the person in front of me to talk about this but this would be great for work not great for home. If they don't care about that. Maybe they're younger in life and all they care about is work and they don't care if it's not the most comfortable place in the world and they're just trying to make money. Hell. Yeah, go in Madrid right again.


This is why it requires a question. It requires the person to know. What is it? They're actually looking for the only Square to my moon is is in my In my the only Square to my moon in my relocated chart is Mars.


But Mars is 13 degrees and the Moon is nine. So that's kind of a loose Square. It's yeah, it's it's a really you'll still feel it.


But it's a really Square. You're really feel Mars on on the moon more than you'll feel moon on the Mars on Mars. So depending on how it's sitting your chart the signs the planets and anything else involved depending on how that is it. It could be a good thing and again depends on why you're moving there what you're trying to accomplish.


The moon and Mars is not always a terrible thing. Moon Square Mars is Mars also has to do with sex like it depends on what you're looking for. Right? Look at all the things that there's things represent so it could be that like If your partnered with somebody and you guys have an active sex life that it could make you more various in a place like that.


But if you argue it can it can you can be more sensitive to arguments in that kind of area. So you just have to kind of look again at the signs. You have to look again at your goals and the houses and the other aspects to see how it's going to play out. It doesn't have to be a bad thing.


It can also be a place that motivates you because you you're looking for Comfort. You're looking for something right? Maybe it's something that instead of looking at its constant friction with moon Square Mars. Maybe it's something that there's something you want to do deep down and it's giving you the motivation.


to actually push forward with something that you've kind of been sitting on because you're too afraid because it will It will trigger fears as well.


Like internalized fears that kind of lead to insecurities and it'll trigger those and that can be a good thing if you've been sitting on them for a while and you're looking for a motivation to kind of move forward on those and take action. So again squares are not always bad. Sometimes they're necessary.


So that's very important. I said, I was gonna look at Tokyo real quick. We're gonna end on Tokyo here cancer a senate family's gonna be very important their home or a feeling of family, especially when it comes to home got to be careful of a broken home relationship.


If you're looking to heal a relationship, this could be a place to go specifically for that.


Because we do have the chart ruler in the fourth house fourth house ruler in the seventh house with all this other energy here.


So going to Tokyo could either be you move there because you broke up you must because sometimes that's the reason you move somewhere is the energies of that place.


So maybe you just broke up or this person just broke up with somebody and they move here. Maybe they're looking to heal their relationship. There's other reasons why they could that align with the same energies here in terms of career their careers in the ninth house here.


Midheaven is so they got these two because Saturn is here and then also the seventh house so they could be that they partner.


with somebody mid having in areas is something that is for this is actually surgeon.


This type of energy this year. This is actually like, you know Family Practice surgeon kind of emergency care.


Type of vibe here because we talked about medical. So if they moved here they may end up in more of like an emergency type situation either a hospital or or maybe they have their own practice as well.


So this could be a place for expansion there. Let's go take a look at Japan and then I'm going to open it up to you guys after I double check to make sure I haven't forgotten something I should zoom out. So it's quicker.


Did I say Tokyo? I think I did. Yes Tokyo, so we're in here.


So I'm gonna double check Mars on The Descendant descendant 1912.


That's seven degrees. That's outside of marbs.


Mars's orb of influence. I don't need that right now. There's Moon Square the ascendant again.


That's fun. So that wrapped around. I keep choosing that for this person. Maybe that person needs that.


Maybe that they are about to go through their Saturn.


Saturn return right. So where is this Pisces Pisces is over here.


Where's the moon Moon's Square?


Moon Square Pisces, that's why that's why I keep sending them there.


It's for a lot of growth.


It's really weird. So Venus on The Descendant Venus is at 24. Yes Loosely.


So this might be I mean we have to analyze this entire thing because their relationships with other people is going to have a lot of influence with both Neptune which has to do with their career.


You know talk to a lot of people through career meet a lot of people through career.


And then Venus is 11th house through organizations friends networking and fourth house through their family.


Cool Mars. And it's already checked that Mars or Saturn on the midheaven. No way too far away.


So you see that's not that far away compared to some of these others, but it's way too far out and then Chiron on the IC.


For 12. No, it's way too far away.


It Chiron doesn't have an 8 degree orb of influence in the mid Heaven has zero so that Chiron on the ascent on the IC is way too far. You have to be really close to that one because Chiron is a small.


Depending on who you ask either asteroid.


Comet I've heard it references asteroid a comment and a small planet, so I don't know what the classifying at these days. But either way it's tiny has a small orb of influence so Here harmonium harmonious aspects right through Tokyo Pluto trying the mid Heaven. This is great. If you're looking for something of power if you're looking for like Being able to really dive into your work being able to to evolve within whatever career you're in and potentially and have power especially since we're talking about the sixth house.


A lot of work. This is like heavy hours, but the money houses with it. So a lot of work equals a lot more money. It goes a lot more Fame so to speak not famous and celebrity, but just notoriety and Power.


When we go over to Saturn Square them or Saturn trying where it is mid-at or the ascendant. Yes. Absolutely. This is great. This person will want to work which is awesome.


And then we talked about the moon.


So those are the main lines that we have there. So I would send this person to to of the three depending on what they're looking to do. I like Japan the best so far because it just kind of it pulls a lot of stuff into their seventh house. But again, it depends are they looking for relationships? They care about relationships Juno is in there, but it's with another set of energies here.


And then this is in the ninth house. So they'll probably have culturally speaking. They may end up with somebody of a different ethnicity that they'll probably meet there because of this energy here, especially since it is a Capricorn base. They may meet them at work through whatever they're doing family. This would be a good place to start a family. Although they may feel that they're too busy because of all this energy here to start one so it may not be the right time.


You know things at home they need to to watch.


Especially their time at home with their partner. They may feel that they don't have enough time here, but that's a deeper reading you'll dive into that. But that's the whole point of astrology. Now.


We analyze this chart we see what their question is and not only their question but take it a step further. Don't leave them hanging. Don't say. Oh well, okay. Well you asked about career, right? If I see that the sixth house is where this is actually really good for health unless there's something severely aspected in a weird way.


I mean the mid heaven doesn't really but they just got to be careful of overworking themselves because that can be detrimental to their health with the Sun.


Square the midheaven in the sixth house. So there's things like that that you'll have to wait sun's not Square the midheaven.


Son midheaven Square by looking at this wrong. It happens at four.


Sunset 24, it's a 20 degree orb of influence.


even if you go Square yeah, that's a that's a tender. I wouldn't count that. I mean it's technically.


A 10 degree, but I wouldn't count that score because squares are not a full full orb of influence. They're usually about half. So for the sun it would need to be about five degrees.


So if it was at 29 degrees absolutely maybe up to seven but not 10, so I wouldn't count that. I talked about this in another class. I'm gonna reiterate it here.


Be very careful down here when you're reading these aspects because although you can change some of it.


A 9 degree nine and a half nine degree orb of influence on a square between the sun A square has a less orb of influence and between the Sun and the mid Heaven I wouldn't count so it's saying it but no it's not.


And while it can cross and be in the same sign it confused me because it's kind of in the middle there.


So no, I wouldn't count that at all.


Okay, cool, so, let me make sure I'm not gonna talk about this much in this class because we're ending out but you do also use progressions which I'll do a class on at some point for this person so the progressions for this random person is that they were born and move this over they were born a Scorpio Rising that ascendant has moved as they've gotten older and now they are a Sagittarius Rising that does change things this happened recently for this person so anybody who has this birth date time whatnot This is what happens for all these people who are like this Pluto and the ascendant are conjunct each other and not too long ago the ascendant flipped in the last few years. They send it flipped which means they become a different person which means they probably already moved which I kind of hinted at at the beginning I said if they had not already moved, they probably moved right around here a couple of years ago, and now they're considering because Pluto's going retrograde. They may be considering moving again, especially since Pluto and the ascendant are conjunct each other.


And it's Sagittarius which has to do with distance. So they probably already moved once and are thinking about moving again and it could just be like I said for making money finding something of value maybe a home. Some may be a place that feels a little bit more like home again water is going to be important, but more more importantly is going to be Rock and structure and things of that nature.


But you do look at progressions to see when ingresses happen or when certain things happen. You can use two different ways to do progressions. I'm not going to talk about that now I use both when necessary.


And that helps trigger life events. And then also we look at transits and that's the biggest thing is what are the transits that are going on in my next relocation astrology class.


I'm going to talk about transits and how they activate things and I know that it's likely that they have moved a few times and that they are thinking about moving some and changing again. So everything I've already said lined up. So anybody with this time place whatnot as a natal chart you're thinking about moving again because Pluto is here and it's in the fourth house and it's going to go retrograde before it hits Capricorn. It's going to reach into the orb of influence of the ruler of the fourth house, which is also the one of change.


And Jupiter is over here. So there's going to be this not knowing but wanting to move and trying to figure it out. Where's polus Palace in the 12th house?


So honestly, they should be using spirituality as some sense to kind of guide or intuition at the very least with the 12th house here to guide where they're going to move but they are likely going to move back to a place that they've already either considered or lived.


But that's the energies here again, you use transits to figure that out.


When I'm looking at like life events, I actually use transits in reverse order. I look at the slowest moving ones and then I go to the fastest ones.


If I'm looking for something daily or something quick then I do it the other way around the moon and then go outward.


So that's what I have for you. We did the samples. I talked a touch on progressions, but we're not going to do it today has to do with timing it all has to do with the fourth house when it when you're talking about moving somewhere what kind of qualities they need for a house because you could be born here.


With nothing. I mean this person does have an aspect to to Neptune, but you could have nothing here having to do with Neptune for example, and then your progressions flip and then also all the sudden you've got Neptune in the fourth house in your progressions, but nowhere else and you've got this weird pull always to go near water. You're always trying to get closer to water. It's because Pisces is in the fourth house assuming it's not negatively at aspected or afflicted.


The other thing I'll talk about in another class here people ask all the time. So I'll just I'll just let you know that I know about them and then we will talk about them separately. It's not that.


It is local space lines local space lines are used in my opinion for you can use them very locally so you can see what areas of town you go and really close even what air some people I don't use them for this but some people will use them for areas of their home to say where should the bed be where should the office be where can I make money? Where should I make love? We should have the best sleep people use it for that purpose here by looking, you know into the building that they're in literally put the the thing, you know, Oops in the center of their house and then you know Neptune supposedly would be the best for sleep or the moon potentially Sun would be the most active or I guess from Mars would be the most active. Some would be most like personality good place for your children and so on and so forth, but you also have to realize that there's an opposition line versus and that's something no one talks about but it's not just a Jupiter line. So Jupiter opposition line the Jupiter lines over on you can't see this.


Dooby dooby doo doo doo Jupiter.


Jupiter opposition line Jupiter line over here right goes across but they go outward and the opposition is very important because it tells you where it actually sits or where it doesn't sit I should say right so local space now if you zoom out on local space and we'll talk about this again in another class. It could tell you certain areas of town that might be good for you for certain reasons for hiking for peace for food for entertainment. You go out even further and what I've noticed is that these lines if you have karma in your life, you will be drawn to areas where these lines kind of push towards so I'm going to recenter this.


100 degrees and then I'm going to go back to the birthplace. So it moves a tiny bit. Did we move it? I must not moved in enough.


And then if we look over here, I see that in terms of Madrid. There's nothing but there is a Neptune line that goes through not Paris but whatever this is and you could follow these lines to see if there's anything there's a Neptune line going through Rome. This could be a vacation spot that this person really likes might not be the best place to live or it could be a great place to live. You have to look at the entire chart.


If I look into where did it go Brazil, there's a Saturn line that goes not through Brazil. Yeah, but see the exactly but it's very close to this could be specifically for work work oriented or anything where it's like more mature growing up hardship again.


It's an opposition. So you have to realize what that means in a chart and just kind of look if you're trying to stay this person's in Canada, but let's say they're in the US and they're trying to stay within the US you can do one of two things you can look at here.


And see what type of lines go through any cities here. They got a Mercury line going through Phoenix. Maybe there's something about it that they like intellectually speaking. They got Mars lines going through Kansas City, which doesn't really mean much to me. Where's Venus?


Down here Venus goes through Dallas and so does Neptune so there might be an ethereal quality that they have in Dallas and you might want to check might have something to do with a partner that they thought they'd be with maybe they ended up, you know, not even being with them and then staying in Dallas. It depends on the karma.


It depends on everything especially since we're talking about opposition and maybe they end up finding themselves here through a local space.


You can also say hey, maybe this person lives in Miami now.


and from Miami it's not a lot of good places for them in the United States, but worldwide there are plenty that are going through and maybe Now magically they have this Venus and Neptune influence near Madrid. So maybe Madrid at this point in their life is good because they've moved somewhere else. So local space moves with you. But you also use the the natal for reference then it was actually more important in my opinion, but you can look all over the world. I don't use Ladle a little I don't use local space that much outside of just reference points and guidance to say If you're considering that area, why are you considering it?


What is a Crossing Mercury?


Midheaven Neptune descendant apparents per online, but they don't conjunct my midheaven or just so that's the thing is peronlines are parallels. They you will not see them at those positions in any or relocated or natal charts. They're parallel.


So they go all the way across the entire Globe. So the actual chart you're looking at doesn't Factor them in because it's a separate part.


Um, you're basically bringing in Mercury how it sits in your charts. So if it's in the third House's communication siblings cousins, whatever travel If it's in like the seventh house, it's literally communication with partnership, but it's on your midheaven. So it's you're bringing in where it is natally into the mid heaven or the sign into midheaven.


So you're bringing Mercury, you know thought writing communication that has to do with outward anything public or anything with your career along with Neptune on descendant basically kind of going with the flow with the people that you meet having a spiritual connection with others.


It's like Like if you were looking to go to be a writer this would be using your your interactions with other people to create scenarios characters and whatnot in your stories, and you would use that in your career. That would be one way that that could play out.


Crossing Lines are just additional information. They're not as pertinent as the the planetary lines that you see in the relocated charts and the map.


a Sagittarius in my fourth house Now in my progress chart and I feel a big impulse to move to another place. Would that be an indication Maria can be an indication Sagittarius right now is not being.


impacted so I would see where Jupiter is and see if there are any any transits hitting your natal well hitting your progressed Jupiter.


And I would also look to see if there are any ingresses and then if where Mars is because Mars can trigger along with other things moving, especially if it's in the first house.


If Sagittarius is in your fourth house four, three, two one that makes you a progressed Virgo Rising.


This is 11th house where Mars is going to be this is tenth house. So Mars has been going over your progressed career.


house Would I say one two three four five six?


seven so also I would look to see where where Neptune is.


In your chart because Saturn is going over here Neptune and and Uranus as well Pluto's going over Aquarius and Saturn's going over Pisces. So you want to look at those to see if they're being impacted.


Yes. Well same Virgo Rising be this one.


This is fourth the seventh.


Neptune and Uranus is an Sagittarius. That's why.


So that's what's going on is the two two planets there that are being impacted are in your fourth house. That's why you're getting the urge to move when you move is going to be based on the rest of the transits and orbs of influence and all that that kind of trigger all this to happen. And if it's Sagittarius, In the next couple of months won't be the time you'll this will be a good time when Mars is I mean, I have to look at everything but you know when Mars is in Leo potentially in Virgo potentially here not here maybe here so you have to look at the whole thing. But the reason why is because Pluto is going into Aquarius and Saturn's going into Pisces and both of those are in your fourth rulers are in your fourth house, so they're being triggered.


Clear that clear that cleared it.


Terrace is okay. So the conjunctions are just for the natal chart then yes, natal and relocated.


If you're talking about the map these conjunctions, you know, turn that off these conjunctions here for the lines.


These are these are actually the relocated. These aren't natal. These are relocated. So the sun on the midheaven going through You know, all of this area here is in the relocated chart for this area.


within the orb of influence of this in your natal chart If you're not born here, this won't be there.


You are welcome.


So all of this here every single one of these energies that you see here is relocated. All these energies. These conjunctions are all relocated. None of these are natal except the ones that go through your natal area. These are all relocated in order to get this conjunction. I have to be here which means I have to relocate here whether it's traveling or remote activation or physically moving there in order to get that energy. It's not my needle but you never lose your natal chart.


You never lose your natal energies. You will always have your natal energies forever because that is what created you when you first breathe Life coming out of the womb.


In whatever way that happened.


So that is that.


I think That is everything. I'll put this back up here just to be pretty.


I think that's everything. I think we've hit everything I want to talk about with.


Aster cartography in what I called the introduction to Astra cartography. Like I said, it's a lot of information there's a lot to go through.


Relocated charts again are the anchor for Astro cartography or relocation astrology or astrology?


and I will discuss more in a nuts in a next in another class about.


Um peronlines a bit further, we'll talk about local space lines, and then we'll talk more about progressions and transits on how to use those to know when to move.


so that you don't end up in a wrong place Angela great class again. Can't wait to dive deeper. Oh, thank you.


I appreciate that.


A lot of information hoping that this is very helpful for everybody.


Wow, this is all been.


So amazing. Thank you again for sharing your knowledge. I never thought I'd ever get into Astro cartography. Well, I'm glad you are Taylor. I'm glad you're You're diving deep into this not a lot of people if you've noticed.


Do real Astro cartography a lot of people on social media seem to be talking about it, but they don't get it. They just look at the map and they look at the lines and they say move to your Venus line move to your Jupiter line, and now after two two and a half however long we've been on this class for hours of a call I hope you realize that those lines are less significant than most people make them out to be however, they are significant in terms of moving the chart around to allowing yourself. Again. My chart has a lot of trines. I need squares to feel like I have I'm chasing a dream and for some people we need dreams. If you're the type of person who needs a dream then maybe finding a place where your son Square your midheaven is good. If you need motivation, you're more Square your ascendant could be good for you.


If you're somebody that already has those challenged maybe avoid those because at the end of the day astrology is all about balance. It's all about goals. And you do have free will it's just contained into a wrapper that the planets allow you to have free will within a certain container. It's like a moving.


I saw a movie alone. I think it was a horror movie too, but it's a movie.


A long time ago where like the hallways kept shifting and it was a house or building or something always kept shifting. It's like you can walk around all you want but the hallways allow you to go and as you as time moves on it all shifts and allows you to go to new places, but you can do whatever you want in those in that area. That's how I feel about astrology as a whole. You can move to wherever you want. You won't because the energies won't pull you to certain places.


But you do have the choice within certain parameters to do things things. And that's what free will is to me and I think we have now that you're armed with the knowledge of astrology. You can make certain decisions with the universe that benefit you while still maintaining the things that you want and that's what alignment is and that class is coming very soon after the manifestation class.


It's kind of part of it, but it's kind of like a part two, so this class has been been great.