DEBUNKING ASTROLOGY:




Welcome everybody to, uh, the debunking of the top 10 things that just honestly came off the top of my head in terms of things that I hear constantly about pop culture astrology.


For those of you who don't really know what we mean by that, pop culture, astrology is like the stereotypes and the generalized things that you hear all the time that are just flat out wrong.


Unfortunately, it creates a situation where you hear these things and even if you feel like they don't apply to you or they don't, you know, they're not, they're not really true to you.


Uh, you hear everybody talk about 'em because it's, it's basically simple, uh, or simplified water down diluted astrology.


And every time somebody tries to use that, it's always wrong.


I mentioned this before, I was just live before I came on here just talking about, you know, these types of, uh, people who do that kind of astrology.


They do it because it makes them money.


Um, Linda Goodman, I think that's her name, uh, back, you know, a while ago now, she was one of the people responsible for, um, bringing astrology to the mainstream.


But unfortunately when she did that, she, she basically created not single-handedly, um, but basically created pop culture astrology where she based everything on the, you know, on your birthday, on your sun sign and whatnot.


And when you get into real astrology, you real realize that your sun is just one component.


Is it important? Absolutely.


Um, everything is based off of the sun in terms of vitality.


In fact, the ecliptic, the relationship between the earth and the sun, gives us our seasons, gives us life.


Everything that's derived off of the sun and the ecliptic, that includes every planet's nodes, including the lunar nodes.


It also includes your ascendant point and your midheaven.


And all of those are all derived off of the sun.


This brings life, vitality and purpose into these things that are very important.


They don't operate independently from the sun's archetypal energy.


And that's something that we will talk about separately.


Uh, I, we have these 10 questions.


I'm gonna go through them real quick.


And then number nine, I'm actually just gonna recap.


I'm not gonna do much with that one in this, I in this webinar, it'll save us time, but, uh, I've done a bunch of videos on this as like a freebie to the public.


So the 10 questions or the 10 themes, uh, and, and to get what pop culture people are saying, just, you know, turn it into the opposite, right?


So, or I'll do that for you. So a lot of times you'll hear the ascendant is the mask you wear, right?


That's pretty common. That's even in astrology books.


Uh, it is not. The second one is the eighth house shows you how you're gonna die, right?


Or how I said, you'll exit this life.


Again, it doesn't, and I'll actually explain to you what's so important about Scorpio themes versus other themes that, that go along with that.


Uh, the third one is the midheaven is not your career.


Huge one, almost every astrology book, every astrology video, every website always tries to, um, take the midheaven and correlate it to your career.


And sometimes there is a correlation, but I'll explain to you why it is not your career.


Not only directly, but even indirectly.


Number four is, you'll hear all the time that Saturn's the father.


Sometimes you'll hear Jupiter's the father, neither one of them is the father.


And we'll talk about why number five.


Mars is usually attributed to anger. It is not anger.


Number six, your 10th house, they like to say that your 10th house has to do with your public image and therefore becomes your appearance.


It is not your appearance.


Number seven, Jupiter is often attributed to money or financial abundance or gains.


Uh, it is not, it has nothing to do with money.


Number eight is that astrocartography map lines somehow show you the exact place you're supposed to use based on the line.


So you're supposed to go to a place live there because that's your good line.


There are no good lines, there are no bad lines.


Universally. I'm gonna explain to you how extra cartography works on the basic level, so you know not to listen to those.


Number nine is that post Pisces is not an emotional sign.


I'm gonna come back to that in a second.


And number 10 is the north node.


They always attribute it to your future, your life path, your destiny.


It is none of those things.


So the reason why this is so important is because if you believe any of those things that pop culture astrologer tell astrology tells you, and there's astrologers constantly push out, you're never going to understand what they really mean because you're believing the definition of something that's inaccurate.


Therefore, you can't align with it.


You can't alchemize it, you can't use it.


So number nine was Pisces is not an emotional sign.


So again, I'm not gonna dive into this too much, but when you have Pisces that's sitting over here, can you guys all see that?


You can see it.


I think blue shows up better, right? Okay. Lemme use blue.


Okay. Oh, black doesn't erase very well.


That's good to know. Glad I didn't do a whole whiteboard on that.


Okay, so when you have Pisces, and we know that the houses are signs, right?


And we've talked about, I've talked about this a lot in the recent videos.


A lot of my lives, mystic Circle people, you guys know this, but Pisces is attributed to the 12th house because the houses are signs.


This is also, I'll do a separate webinar about health systems and why they're all ridiculous.


It'll also be in my book that I am currently working on.


That'll be out pretty soon.


Um, but you know, we use whole signs because it is not a house system.


And ultimately speaking, the number 12 is a substitute for the sign of Pisces.


Pisces, you know, one of the, the natural flows of energy is always in the rine.


And within the grand rine of the archetypes, you get, um, you get basically what I would consider a circle of life within the elements.


This is also why the dickens are based on elements, right?


So whenever you have like Pisces Decen, one will be Nept will be Neptune, decen two will be, uh, the moon.


Decen three will be Pluto.


And the reason is rines are a direct flow of energy.


When I get into teaching aspects, you're gonna understand why rines aren't always good.


Uh, however, they are harmonious. You cannot break them.


It's like a floodgate. It's an automatic redirection of energies.


And so you have 12, you have four, and you have eight that create this.


And this is the general flow.


You can have planets outside of those numbers, and they still are trying due to orb of influence.


But essentially you have cancers energy naturally.


And then you have Scorpio's energy over here, right?


Four, eight, and 12. When you're talking about this.


12 is actually at the end, arguably at the end, there are actually cases to to, to be made.


That 12 is not the end, uh, under certain cycles, but I won't get into that right now.


But you have the first sign, which is Aries, and it kind of goes all the way around and then gets here.


So when you're lo, when you're talking about themes and you're talking about archetypes, and you're talking about expression, the moon under all circumstances is everything that is personal.


Everything that has to do with, um, things that are very close to the chest.


And your relationship to emotion. This is emotion.


E or your relationship to emotion.


Emotion itself is not defined. It's like life.


What gives something life force is not life itself, right?


So when we talk about the sun's archetypes, we're talking about something that provides life, that brings life, breeds life under whatever level of however much energy is being pushed into it.


But life itself is not Leo, just like emotion itself is not any sign.


Your relationship to emotion is cancer.


It does not mean that cancers are emotional.


And that's another problem with pop culture.


Astrology is what they try to do is take something and apply it and say that, oh, because it rules that you must be it, right?


It's like, um, if you're talking about, you know, the color red and you're just talking about the color red, I don't know if you're saying that you like red or that you are like, you have every color on your palette, except red.


All I know is that we're talking about red.


It's the same way you have to approach astrology.


You just know that the theme of what you're talking about is relationship to emotion.


And as you di dive into Scorpio's energy, you start getting into depth.


You start getting into psychology, you start getting into the transformation of something that could be personal, private, and emotional.


And you dive deeper. This is why it's secrecy.


It started with something personal and went deeper.


So it went into you.


This is something you know, and you have.


And then this leads into Pisces, which is release.


This is letting go. This is the ethereal, the bond or the veil between you and the real world.


Also the end of a cycle and the beginning of a new cycle as it starts with Aries energy.


And what ends up happening is when you get to something and you're releasing it, and you had something strong here that was, you know, built here between the foundation and the structure here of Capricorn's energy, I think I'm going, I am going above it.


I'll try to stay below the line. I'll, I'll mark it.


What you're doing is you're breaking down that structure to be able to start something new.


And when you get to something that has been broken down into veils, you go to like a brick down to a piece of paper and it becomes sensitive.


It becomes fragile. So Pisces Energy is a sensitive, it is a fragile energy.


It is a connection to the ether and the connection to nothing.


So it's not about emotion.


The tears, water being represented by Pisces and Neptune Energy is a form of release.


It is letting go of that energy.


So we're talking about sensitivity.


And the sensitivity can come from music, can come from a piece of art, can come from you don't know why you're crying, happens a lot.


And it leads into the emotion.


It leads into something personal.


It leads into our emotional security, but it itself is not emotion.


So I'm, that's all I'm gonna say about that one.


'cause I've made videos on that.


And we're gonna dive deeper into all these other ones.


Let me put a little marker. Does anybody, does everybody understand that?


Are we good more? I'm probably a better eraser.


I didn't see them there. Somewhere around D yonder, something like that.


Cool, cool, cool, cool. Good, good, good. Sweet.


All right, so we have that one knocked off the list.


Okay, the ascendant.


So let's talk about the ascendant real quick. No questions.


We're going on again, I'm gonna do more videos talking about this.


I need to set a quick timer 'cause this is a two hour or so, 120 divided by nine 13.


So I have to average 13 minutes per topic.


Okay? Okay. So here we go.


Uh, the ascendant, I'm gonna be talking about these in alchemistic, astrology.


The ascendant is called a vitality anchor.


There are four of them, the two that are measured to bring the counter vitality anchors are your ascendant and your midheaven.


And they're measured in different ways.


The ascendant by nature has to do with, if you've seen my recent videos, there are two charts.


There are two wheels that create your natal chart.


The inner wheel of your natal chart is, looks like this, right?


Starts with one, ends with 12, seven is over here, right?


There are no signs to it. There are just numbers.


That's the inside wheel.


That inside wheel has numbers because it's easier to say numbers than it is to say signs because it becomes very confusing.


Now, I'm not gonna dive too much into this 'cause that leads us into house systems, and that'll be a separate webinar.


But essentially, that first house is actually Aries energy.


That 12th house is Pisces energy.


That sixth house is Virgo energy.


If you have something in the second house right here, let's say your sun is in the second house, you have a Taurus sun.


It doesn't matter what sign it's in, you have a Taurus sun.


The second wheel is the one that you see that goes around on the outside, the one that you probably pay the most attention to.


And if you are a Leo rising, like me, you technically have your Aries in Leo, which means your sun in Taurus is shining through Virgos energy.


So you have, you think you have a Virgo sun, when in reality you have a Taurus sun shining through Virgo themes.


Again, this is for another, um, another video, another webinar.


But this is extremely important.


Now, the ascendant itself can only reside in the first house.


And the reason I brought that up is because the ascendant itself has to do with the eastern, um, the eastern horizon based off of our relationship to the sun.


So we are in a solar system and we're in a tropical system.


Tropical astrology does use side points.


Some of them we convert to tropical.


Some of them we do not because side is all about the earth and the earth alone as it drifts with the rest of the constellations to know that we are also drifting in orbit.


But it doesn't put our relationship into the fact that we move around the sun.


We need tropical for that.


Toomi is a mathematician in and astrologist in the second century, who was the first that we know that linked them together.


He, he linked them to the seasons when in reality, it's not that we're linking to the seasons as much as we're linking to the declination of the sun and the declination of the sun creates the seasons.


So there is a math and science behind it.


When we're talking about the ascendant point, we're talking about the eastern horizon, which can only align with Aries because we're talking about the east.


The west can only align with Libra again as it correlates to the declination of the sun.


So when we have our Aries house, and this is ours, right?


This is do, do, do. This is the earth.


And you actually get your energies as being somebody who lives on the planet earth.


So you are, you know, wherever the planet is, you live here on the planet and the planet spins like this, right?


It literally spins like this, which is side revolution.


It has nothing to do with the sun at that point.


It is everything about the planet earth and this fixed point that says expo is doing this and moving and moving and moving.


So your point is also traveling this way.


This point later in time, later in the day, is going to be over here, which means you'll be born later, which means the position of the stars has moved and the ascendant is now not facing this direction.


It is facing this direction because the earth is spinning.


So when you look at a chart here and you're looking at just this, whenever you change, you know, size and houses, it starts with Aries.


And as the ascendant point, which is based off of this line right here, zero degrees Aries.


And as the ascendant point continues to move, because the earth is continuing to spin right in that direction, the eastern horizon and where it meets the ecliptic and the the celestial equator, that point is your ascendant, but it's sidely derived.


How do we know that? Because there are no overlaps as the earth spins.


When you spin back and the earth does one full res uh, uh, revolution rotation, you're back to the same exact point.


But because the earth also moves around the sun, while it's spinning, the earth has to overcompensate for a solar day.


So for the sun to be in the same spot, it actually is further.


And if you ever look at a chart on ascendant rising signs and what time they are, you'll notice that it staggers.


So I've seen some charts online that are like, oh, if you were born between this time and this time, you're this rising.


No, that's not true. First off, there's an arc, um, based off of the curvature of the earth, the arc goes this way.


So the timing isn't even accurate there.


But also every single day the ascendant moves a little bit.


So a Leo rising could be from this time to this time.


And then three months later it's completely shifted over here because solar days and side days do not align.


So as we come over here, by varying nature of the ascendant point, it hits the second house, and then the second house then becomes the first house.


It moves up, it literally goes click into a new one, and then the ascendant point travels again.


Click. Because the houses are signs, which means they cannot operate independently, which takes capis, meridian, um, uh, what porphyry plaus, all those house systems even equal signs and completely negates them because by very nature the ascendant has to be within the first house.


Now, these other signs, they try our systems, try to take the first line house cusp and make it arbitrary to the ascendant.


The ascendant point cannot be a solar house, just doesn't exist.


So let's get into what is, what does it mean to have an ascendant?


To have an ascendant?


Is the sun the earth?


And I'm not gonna bother with the moon. Doesn't matter.


And the declination.


So the sun as a, it's technically the earth doing this more, but or both.


But the sun as it references earth, because we live on earth, moves up and down as it passes this point.


That's the first day of spring. It is the first day of fall.


It depends on if it's going north or south.


This creates the relationship of the earth and the sun.


The ascendant point again, when you're born here is the eastern horizon.


I'm sorry, you're born here is the eastern horizon as it crosses the ecliptic and the celestial equator.


So that point that goes here off the eastern horizon is going to give you, um, your ascendant point.


And again, that moves. Now the ascendant, because we're talking about didn't mean to do that because we're talking about this point here.


That is your ascendant going east. That is your rising sign.


That's where the sun rises in the east sets in the west.


That's why it's called a rising.


It is based off of this point.


This point is based off of the ecliptic that goes through here, tick.


And the ecliptic is based off of the relationship of the sun to the earth.


So what does that mean for the ascendant?


It means you're tying in solar principles or Leo into the earth.


The earth does not have a zodiac sign.


The earth is the earth. The earth is reality. Okay?


So if we're tying Leo's principles into it, and we're talking about the first house, and the first house is always in alignment with Aries.


Aries by natural theme is action.


The physical body, um, the way that we assert ourselves and a bunch of other things, um, and I'm not gonna get into all of it, but speed and things of that nature.


It's literally anything that has to do with action, momentum being physical and moving forward, right?


It's the first house.


I hear you. I will try to do a happy medium.


Maybe this will help, uh, with the mic. Okay?


So we have the first house equals Aries and the ascendant is in the first house.


So the ascendant is not Aries, the ascendant is not martian.


However, the ascendant point which is derived off of reality and the sun fueling it to give us life is in alignment with first house themes.


When you talk about the first house themes and one of them was the physical body and action and sense of self.


What else is what else?


Compensates en compensates encompasses this, your appearance, literally what you look like breathing life into your body as how we are made on a fundamental level is your physical appearance.


So when people say that, I'm actually knocking out two with this because um, some other people will say The 10th house is your appearance, right?


The 10th house is not your appearance.


I'm actually gonna knock both of these out 'cause I can do that.


Um, and because it is, excuse me, because not only do we have all these themes, but because it is, uh, impulsive reactionary, the very first thing that we do, it is not the mask we wear.


It is literally the thing we do.


And then you have to take its ruler into consideration to understand it further.


So when they say that the ascendant is not you and it's the mask you wear, it makes absolutely no sense.


Because if it was the mask wear, there would be some sort of hidden element to it.


There'll be some sort of secrecy.


There'll be some sort of trickery in there.


But Aries energy acts way too fast to be fake.


It is our first natural reaction when it's in its highest vibration.


It is our response.


But it is always us is always how we do it.


Can it be in such a situation where it's impacting other planets and energies where you are a bit more secretive?


Absolutely. But on the baseline, the ascendant is not your mask.


You wear the ascendant is your motivations.


Remember the ascendant is bringing in the sun to reality as it aligns with your sense of self and who you are.


You're bringing purpose to your actions.


What do we call that? Purpose to actions, motivations.


This is your reason. This is your passion.


Your ascendant is what you're passionate at doing.


'cause you're taking that dramatic creative expression and you're pouring it into Aries type of energy within a very fixated point.


The ascendant point is more of your physical action and doing in this world than anything else in your chart, even Mars, because Mars doesn't have the sun boosting it.


It's not in complete alignment with the ecliptic.


So that's the ascendant.


Now, because we're talking about the ascendant and the physical body and the appearance, we know, we know that it is not your phy.


We know that the uh, the 10th house cannot be your physical appearance, right?


We know that the ascendant is your physical appearance.


That is your body. Now, when we talk about the 10th house, like I said, I'll just knock this one out too real quick.


The 10th house equals Capricorn equals Saturn.


That's the 10th house, right?


And the, we will save the midheaven for a different video, but sometimes within the midheaven.


Actually I think we're talking about that today.


The midheaven is not your career.


So I'll be talking about that too.


I might be doing these out of order.


Um, I'll actually tie this into that and then go into that one.


So the ascendant, and it has nothing to do with your 10th house whatsoever, which means your 10th house has nothing to do with Mars, has nothing to do with the ascendant means the 10th house is not your, uh, is not your appearance, right?


So that's one thing. Why do people say that?


Because that has to do with your public image, your reputation, what other people energetically see of you.


But that's not what they're seeing of what you look like.


They're not seeing what you look like.


They're seeing the energy that you put out into the world in terms of ter in things in the 10th house.


So what are we talking about with sa with Saturn, we're talking about goals.


We're talking about structure, we're talking about authority.


We're talking about anything that has to do with time.


And because there is a Virgo trying to, uh, Capricorn, which rines back into Taurus, which rine back in, that's the grand rine between the earth signs.


We're talking about something that we can do that we have value that transmits into something that we can be of service or have routine or efficiency.


And that we do over time for long enough of a time where we become the authority in it.


It goes back into making money.


The funny thing about doing career readings is everybody ignores this right here.


They're just looking for the money thing and they're not looking for the thing that they're good at doing.


So whenever people do career readings, they always ignore the fact that you have to be good at something in order to do it.


Can you learn it? Sure. Is it gonna be harder to learn?


Yeah. What is your experience?


Well, the ninth house is a Queen Cox to the second house.


So your experience is gonna be based off of action.


Your actions are not usually gonna lead you to the thing that you're good at because there's a semis.


Sextile from the first house to the second house.


All of this is very challenging because we work the energies in natural order instead of working them the way that they're supposed to be worked, which is in reverse order.


So the flow of time actually creates the situations in life, which means it also creates the hurdles and the obstacles in life, which also in a different video we'll talk about why SA or yeah, Saturn and Capricorn's energy is not hard work.


That is also a pop culture lie.


But we don't have that on the list, so we're not gonna talk about that.


So we know that its goals, structure, authority, time for the record.


Another thing that we had to get off of this list is Saturn is not the father.


Saturn is not the father. Saturn is people of authority.


Is the father always in authority?


Now, there are households, many of them these days that don't even have a father or a father figure present.


And the reason why these, these people have so much, so many issues, it's not because they lack authority and structure.


They can have authority and structure without the father.


Although it's much more difficult because of the Quin cos from the fifth house when we were talking about the son.


Boom, the son is the father.


The son gives life. You do not have life without the father.


Just like you don't have nurturing and think about the womb without the mother.


That is it. So as a fire sign, this is literally the spark, which is why you can't, when we talk about cycles, you start with Aries, but you can't start every cycle with Aries.


In fact, a lot of things actually start up in the 12th house in Pisces.


So when it comes to the father, this is what traditionally a lot of people in astrology base the father on, which means they also base it on the 10th house.


The 10th house is also not the father.


Capricorn is not the father. Saturn is not the father.


So when you hear the argument between the fourth house being the mother and the 10th house being the father, they create this natural opposition that they're looking for between mom and dad.


But are mom and dad always opposite?


Do they always fight each other?


Do, are they always in a tug of war?


Not in a good household.


In a good household, they're working together.


But it's, I'm not trying to sound sexist and I don't want you to take any offense here, but it's usually at the will of the father.


Now that's not always but fathers head of household.


But the mother, have you ever seen, is it the big fat Greek wedding where it's like the father may be the head of household, but the mother can, can turn the head, you know, the mother's the neck and could turn the head in any direction.


There's so much, um, what's the word I'm looking for?


There's so much, uh, visual representation that correlates like metaphorically into astrology with just that statement there.


What you really have here is the fourth house represents the mother.


The fifth house represents the father.


These two work in tandem.


This one supports this one, but doesn't understand this one half of the time, Leo is the father.


The son is the father. Fifth house is the father.


Saturn is not the father. Saturn is authority.


The mother can be in an authority position.


Teachers can be in authority positions.


And teachers do not have to have a father like, or even a mother like they.


And the funny thing is, they actually have more of a mother like, um, influence energetically than a father with the opposition to the fourth house.


Teachers who care teach better is what it is.


People of authority who care are more respected.


That's the opposition between the fourth and the 10th house.


But Saturn is none of this.


None of this has to do with fatherhood life, having fun, bringing purpose, little bit of drama, personal expression, leadership.


Those are all father things. Those are all the son.


They are not Saturn.


So number four was Saturn is not the father. There we go.


Uh, so the Midheaven is not your career.


I didn't get there yet.


Um, where was I?


That's where we were going. That was the next one.


Oh, 10th house is not your appearance.


We, we talked about that. 'cause we know it's Mars in the first house.


And the ascendant specifically the ascendant.


Uh, so midheaven is not your career.


So when you're talking about the midheaven, so these are all the, I'm gonna erase this, but these are all the 10th house themes here, right?


They're all Capricorn. They're all Saturn.


When you realize that the sign is the house is the planet, and that natural rulership, usurps all of this, it makes things a lot easier.


So fourth house, fifth house, we know that we got that time, whatever.


So what we do over a period of time, we tend to correlate with our career.


Let me use that as a segue. We tend to take what we're good at doing that we have structure doing that we set goals in doing and do for a long period of time.


And that becomes, with this energy becomes usually our career under the lens of those things.


So this aligns most with career.


However, the mid heaven let erase all this.


We don't need this. We're doing good, we're doing good.


I haven't seen any questions yet, so I'm just gonna keep rolling along.


So the midheaven, much like the ascendant is calculated, um, you know, based off of the ecliptic.


So it has to do with where the meridian, which is the illusion of the trajectory of the sun, that crossing point technically down here, right?


So that's how we, we calculate the, um, the mid heaven and based off of the ecliptic again, and the sun traveling over the meridian.


So therefore we still have, with the meridian, I'm sorry, with the midheaven, the medium coli, we still have a relationship to the sun.


So when you have a natal chart, and let's say this is the 10th house, doesn't matter the sign, this is 9, 8, 11, 12.


The midheaven, depending on your latitude, meaning your position on earth does not have to be here.


Mine is other people's tend to be.


And the closer you are to the ecliptic, usually you'll see a lot of that.


But not always the midheaven being, you know, calculated again off of the meridian and the, and the ecliptic and the sun's.


Um, not supposed, but, but the illusion of the sun's travel through the sky.


'cause it's the sun's not actually traveling through the sky.


We're rotating, right? That is what's giving us that position of, of the midheaven.


But you can have a midheaven in the eighth house, ninth house, 10th house, 11th house, 12th house.


It can be in any of those houses.


And because we've already talked about how Saturn rules, authority, goals, structure, all the stuff that leads into, not the career itself, but the structure of what you're known for, the public image that that's just associated to what you do for a long time.


Your career. And I've done a video on this and we've talked about that.


Your ascendant point, remember that is your motivations.


It's like this, right? It's kind of a combination of this.


It is your motivations for why you do what you do, and then it's ruler.


Um, let's say you're a, let's say you're Scorpio rising, okay?


You're a Scorpio ascendant.


Your ruler is Pluto, which also looks like that.


The ruler of the underworld as they say, right?


Pluto is actually how you do things through the lens of depending on how it's situated aspected in your chart and where you put your energy and where you put your motivations and why you do the things that you do, what motivates you, what gives you purpose in your action.


That's all ascendant.


And it's ruler, let's say this is sitting in the fourth house.


It's all gonna be based off of things that are either domesticated, nurturing, literally house and home family.


Anything that has to do with like, nurturing anything that has to do with things that are just deeply personal to you or have some sort of emotional connection to you.


That's because the ascendant of the first house and its motivations, its action is being led into this area.


You will do a career that aligns with that.


Your structure of Saturn being up in here in the 10th house is just how you structure it.


It is what you do for a long time based off of your second and your sixth house.


But what you actually put your energy into is your ascendant and your ascendant ruler is your career.


So the 10th house isn't your career.


The mid-heaven isn't the career, the ascendant and its direction tells you the most, ener the most, um, information on what you're gonna do with your life.


The sixth house has to do with how you're of service, what you do on a daily basis.


The second house has to do with what you make money and what you put value in, what your skills are.


Your 10th house says what's the structure, what are the goals?


What do you do from the sixth house to the 10th for a long period of time?


And how are you of, how do you deal with authority and things of that nature.


But none of that says that's your career.


And the mid heaven being able to float between all of these different places and have absolutely nothing to do with any of this or this.


The only time that it has anything to do with Saturn and the things that we attribute to Saturn, which include part of the career is when the midheaven is sitting directly here.


Now, I'll tell you firsthand that when you get into Astrocartography, which we'll discuss a little bit in, in later in this webinar, that when you move, that changes, depending on how far you move.


It could be a drastic change.


It could be a minor change, but it changes.


Now, what is the midheaven really Just like what was the ascendant really?


Right? And why is this this matter?


Well, the midheaven is taking the highest point in your chart, which aligns with the opposite of the IC and adds the sun to it and also the earth.


Super important, practical, real, right in the moment, the sun says drama purpose flare, you know, breathe life and vitality into it.


The ic, I'm not gonna get into the IC too much, but is also not like your relatives or anything like that.


That's, that's also very wrong.


But the IC is at the bottom of the chart, the darkest part, the personal side of the chart, the above stuff over here.


And it really does. It's really this section right here.


When you have a midheaven here and here it actually is treated a little bit different, but I won't go over that in this webinar.


I'll save that for another one.


The, um, the IC has to do with things shining a light on things that are very, very personal to you.


Whereas, um, you know, personal and private and at the core, this is a core energy.


The midheaven opposes that energy.


It's not about what I keep to myself and you know, the the foundational reason I make decisions or do things or things that are at the heart of who I am, but rather the midheaven is what I put out into the world.


It's not how I structure it.


I don't care how it's structured. I care that I can do it.


And it's not about me actually physically doing the action as much as me presenting it.


It has to do with what I want the world to know of me and see if me, it has to do with, instead of keeping this to myself, I'm gonna put that out there.


It's ambition. It's literally the word that's correlated to midheaven is ambition.


This is not my motivation, it is my ambition.


It is the thing that I want to do, that I want to do, is the wrong word that I want to be out there.


It's what I wanna leave in my mark.


And it's the energy of trying to get things out, not by doing it, but just I want it out there.


I don't wanna keep this to myself. This isn't mine.


It's the opposite of mine. It's what I wanna put out there.


And when you have it in alignment here in the 10th house and your mid heavens in the 10th house, then the stuff you wanna do, your ambitions and what you wanna put out in the world aligns with career tradition, structure, authority, something you do for a long time, but when you don't have it here and you have it in one of these other four places, let's say the ninth house, which is really popular, I have that, uh, I had it in Tampa, I have it here in Los Angeles.


It doesn't align with authority at all.


It doesn't mean that I don't care about authority, it just means that my aspirations, I don't care about the long-term goals and structure of it.


It means I care more about the adventure, the journey, the philosophy, making it bigger, doing much more teaching, coaching, consulting, all the ninth house stuff, the culture of it.


I want the experience.


I wanna share the experience.


I want that to be what I leave in this world.


My ambitions are bigger. Big picture stuff.


Jupiter, it's in alignment with the ninth house.


It is not the ninth house.


The ninth house has to be read on its own.


But then you add that in as a vitality anchor.


This is what I'm putting it into. That is your midheaven.


It is not your career. 'cause it's still not what you do.


When someone asks you what your career is, they don't say, Hey, what do people know you for?


What is the thing you wanna leave on this?


No, they say, what do you do? That is why the ascendant as we had here, that leads into your career more than anything else.


But this is the way that you do it.


These are your ambitions here with the midheaven.


I hope that makes sense, guys. Moving on.


All right, so we, we've hit a couple of these already.


We're just moving right along.


Uh, so descendant isn't the mask you wear, you know that there's no mask involved.


It's literally life breathed into, uh, everything that aligns with physical self.


Um, getting through this pretty quick.


I am, I did, I expected this to be harder.


Um, but it's gonna leave more time for q and a at the end.


So I like that. Um, you know, your ascendant is not the mask you wear.


I don't know where that came from.


Uh, actually I do know where it came from.


It came from the idea that the sun is everything.


And whenever you're doing astrology and they believe that the sun is everything, it is wrong.


The sun gives vitality, sun gives purpose, but without everything else, you have no nothing to put that purpose into.


And the ascendant being the first thing is impulse.


It's reaction. It's the very quick things that we do, uh, in this world.


And when we can change reaction to response, we, we see a higher vibration of that.


But we often react in certain ways because those are our motivations.


That is the ascendant is your motivations.


It's your physical appearance is literally what you look like and everything that's that attributes to it.


Uh, I'll get into the eighth house towards the end.


Saturn's not the father. Mars is not anger.


This is an easy one.


Mars, right?


First house Aries, they're all the same energy.


They are physical action and impulse.


The fourth house, first house, the fourth house is cancer.


Moon, right?


There is a square aspect between these two.


Whenever we talked about, like we talked about before, this is emotion or, or relationship to emotion.


This is how we process emotion.


This is our relationship with our family, with our mother, where we came from, things at the very root of who we are and our history, our personal history.


Whereas Saturn is an outward history, like literal world, public history, this is personal history.


This energy here is how you process emotion.


So therefore this cannot be emotion. So what is it?


Well, this is aggression in terms of force, physical action, doing something, speed, uh, adding, uh, energy into something and when it squares off naturally, which it does with the thing that rules how you relate to emotion when you combine these two.


And what always ends up happening is this.


Doesn't understand this because of this, and anytime you resolve anything in alchemistic astrology, you have planet one, you have planet two.


And it does not matter if the relationship, which everything in astrology is about relationship of energies, it does not matter if this one and this one are a trying, which is super harmonious, right?


As they say, if it's an opposition, or in this case, if it's a square, we always go to planet two.


Planet one is the problem, planet two is the solution.


Planet one doesn't understand planet two, it doesn't matter if it's harmonious, it doesn't know what it's feeding into it, it's just doing it.


This is why trines can be a problem.


It's just right in, where's it going?


I don't know, it's going over there. You know, change it to a square.


What do we have a problem with?


I don't know, but I don't like this.


And that's giving like a personality trait to a planet.


But it's, it is a conflict because the first energy time-wise just hasn't met.


The second one doesn't understand it.


So therefore, when you're talking about this and this, it is impulsive reaction to emotional security.


I don't know how I feel about this, so I'm just going to aggressively react.


I don't understand it on a personal level, so I'm going to react.


Uh, most arguments have nothing to do with the thing that's being said.


It has everything to do with how we feel about it.


It's not the, it's not what you said, it's how you said it.


That is literally that anger is an emotion.


Emotions are not ruled by Mars.


It's the relationship of these two that create a personal emotional insecurity.


And because this is so fast that it reacts with this and that you don't focus, you don't focus on the emotion or the actual root of what's being said, what's being done, it becomes anger and aggression.


And anger is always, always accompanied by physical action.


People don't get angry and not punch something, not storm off, not wave their hands.


They don't do that. Now, there's a sex tile to Gemini's energy right here, right?


So sometimes their anger is directed into getting louder, saying things, yelling.


You're taking this energy and you're bringing a level of this and that sex tile is a partner energy.


This can be a lot, this could be no one.


You can be angry without saying anything, but there's always a physical response because it's not that Mars is anger.


And this is, this goes back to pop culture astrology.


These people believe that anything in Aries is angry.


It's not. And Aries has nothing to do with anger at all.


The first house does when it squares off at the fourth house.


If you see somebody who has Mars square the moon, then that person is going to not process their emotions before their actions.


They're gonna be impulsive and that person may be a bit more angry or come across that way.


If you see moon square Mars, it's a very different thing because the order of those planets matters.


Uh, Silas, maybe because they see our body just as a vessel.


So it's a mask. Maybe I, I don't know why, aside from, again, the sun sign stuff, why they say that, but the idea that it is just the way that they present the mask, we're going back to that last topic real quick.


The reason that they say the mask is they, they push it as though it's not really you, the ma, there's no mask.


It really is you. It's just what we do in the physical form.


Now, I will, I will agree to that in the fact that most astrology has been hijacked by spiritual people.


There's no math, there's no science.


It's just spiritual conjecture.


So they believe we're supposed to leave this body.


And I'm like, Mars is the physical body, the ascendant, the physical body.


That's your first house. We're meant to be here.


We're not supposed to traverse and go float around in the ether, you know, just as a spiritual presence.


That's probably what happens between life.


I don't know, Mars, semi sex tile, the moon, again, I need, if you're talking about a personal thing, I need the entire chart and I need to know what order it is.


Because if Mars comes first, then it creates agitation.


It means that's even worse than a square because it doesn't actually process emotions.


It doesn't understand emotions, and it makes things a Mars semi square.


If Mars is first and, and it creates a semis, sex tile rather to, uh, the moon, then somebody would be impulsive in spite of their intuition, in spite of their emotions.


They don't know why they're doing things, but they do them.


And their own actions can cause ins insecurity and instability within themselves.


Also agitation with their family.


I have Mars conjunct the moon Mars first, right?


So even in a conjunction, Mars being first is important because it means that action comes before emotion.


Obviously we'd have to break down the entire chart, but in a conjunction, those two energies are mixing together, which means you make decisions based off of things that are personal to you.


Your emotions are tied into your actions.


So when you feel emotional, there is a physical body response to that.


It might even show up in your skin, might depending, like you might be the type of person, when you get emotional, you get a little bit red or something.


Again, it, it depends on how it sits in your chart.


But that could happen. The square actually creates more of a redness than the conjunction would.


Uh, especially if it's moon first Mars and the first house opposite moon.


Again, you know, guys, I can't go into all the personal stuff, but when you have an opposition between Mars and the moon, then your sense of actions is opposite your emotions.


So you're, you'll either do something completely out of emotion or you'll do something just impulsively and you'll kind of oscillate between the two.


And you'll always feel out of balance when you make certain actions, you're gonna feel like your emotional security with others, uh, is an issue.


You'll feel out a balance and you have a double whammy of balance because the seventh house is balanced itself and the opposition requires balance.


In order for you to do things for yourself, you require others.


In order for you to feel comfortable in a relationship with other people, you require your autonomy to be able to do things for yourself.


So you have to find a balance that allows you, that otherwise you get, you subsume yourself into selfish territory or you subsume yourself into feeling like you need a partner.


And that balance is never there.


Does that make sense, Anita?


Yes, thanks. Okay, uh, Anna, what is the difference between Moon Square Mars and Mars Squares Moon?


So I'm gonna save that for a different, um, a different webinar because this is about these 10.


Uh, but one thing that is specific to Alchemistic astrology and literally no other system is something called energy flow.


And energy flow has to do with the timing of planets.


So when you're talking about the Moon square Mars and Mars Square moon, one of those planets is in the lead of the other planet.


One of those, remember I said the first planet doesn't understand the second planet.


So if you have Mars and the moon and you have moon and then Mars, there's a difference between your actions not understanding your emotions and your emotions not understanding your actions.


They're literally opposite.


But when you Google things, they won't differentiate because literally no other system of astrology separates energy flow out.


This is probably one of the, this, I have like four or five main principles in Alchemistic astrology, this one and the foundational relationship of energies, color theory and block theory.


Those four pillars of alchemistic astrology are literally the separating and defining, uh, things that make this system work and other systems not.


But when we, you know, in Mystic, if you end up joining Mystic Circle and becoming a student of our school, uh, I'm gonna have a lot of classes coming, especially as we approach towards the end of the year, uh, after my book is done.


And, uh, in my book I'll be discussing energy flow.


But you know, these things are extremely integral to understanding the relationship of these energies.


If you don't know that this energy came first and this one came second, you're not gonna understand all of it.


Uh, Sabrina, the color theory helps my artist brain understand the energies.


Awesome. Same here.


Uh, I'm an artist, designer, all of that at heart.


I mean, I wear these hats because I design these characters and whatnot.


Um, color theory was just something that came very natural to me.


I used to play with Legos as a kid all the time.


It's like my favorite thing. I had Legos erector sets, Lincoln Logs connects.


I don't know if y'all remember those.


It depends on how old you are I guess.


But I had all of those things.


I loved Legos and I was able to see things that other people weren't able to see.


And um, block theory in alchemistic astrology actually came from my childhood of playing with Legos.


And it's, it's technically Lego theory, but I don't wanna be sued.


So I'm just calling it block theory.


Um, but the fact that no, no energy operates by itself and you have to use one energy to feed into the next, which then also takes us back into the energy flow theory.


So these things are extremely important.


Um, so we got the Senate is not the mask you wear.


Can I get a little check mark?


Yes, we did.


Mid heaven is not your career.


I just wanna make sure I hit all of these.


Saturns, not your father. Mars is not anger.


10th house is not your appearance then we've got a lot of these, uh, post is not emotional.


Okay, so we've got a couple left here.


All right, let's dive right back in.


Um, the eighth house, I'm gonna leave that for the end.


Jupiter is not financial abundance.


I don't know that I have to write too much about this, but I will.


All right, so you have the planet Jupiter, which rules Sagittarius.


It does not rule, does not rule Pisces, right?


We don't use traditional astrology.


So therefore traditional rulership doesn't apply.


And again, in a separate class or course I'll go through, you know, rulership a bit more.


I've done videos on this.


It Jupiter cannot rule Pisces 'cause it's literally the opposite of Neptune and literally the opposite of pisc and energy.


'cause it's all about expansion.


So in pop culture, astrology or PCA as we call it in PCA, you're gonna see a lot of things with Jupiter.


They say it's the husband, they say it's uh, God, there's so many things they attribute everything.


I feel like they attribute everything to Jupiter.


Like they leave nothing out somehow.


But Jupiter has very specific themes.


Culture, um, expansion.


Honestly, let's just do it easier.


It is culture, but I'm not gonna write it for right now.


It's this. And we use free theory to help understand every one of these, um, energies and what they actually mean.


So Jupiter sits up here.


Jupiter Sagittarius sits up here in the ninth house, right?


There is a queen cos to cancer.


There is another queen cos to Taurus.


And I'm only gonna, and I'll bring this one in for right now.


Um, 'cause this is just the easiest way.


This is part of free theory.


This is the en the foundational, foundational relationships of energetic expression.


That's what it means is a foundation.


It it, it's a fundamental principle of alchemistic astrology.


So you have the ninth house and you have the third house, Gemini, you have the second house here, you have the fourth house.


So when you're looking at these energies and you're trying to help define what an energy is, you have to understand its position in the cosmos, what it can be, what it can't be, what it opposes, what it works with, and so on and so forth, right?


And you know that as an error sign that it goes over to both, um, Aries.


And that's a terrible Leo.


I'm gonna leave it Aries and Leo, uh, at the first house and the fifth house.


And that becomes the trying, the opposition is within Gemini's energy.


We know the Gemini mercurial inward, which is different from Virgo Burger, Virgos energy of mercurial outward.


So Gemini's energy is all about our thoughts, our communication, our mindset, how we see things, perception, facts, figures, and what things are mentally.


The opposition is talking about balance and taking those themes and going to the other side of it.


This is without facts, without figures.


This is opinion.


This is politics, which is usually devoid of facts.


Um, it is culture, it is expansion.


The big word here is expansion in every level, because that's what Jupiter is, the gas giant.


You bring in the astronomical doctrine of signatures to understand its axial tilt, its speed, its revolution, its position in the solar system, uh, the way that it was formed, what it's doing now, all of that applies into our general understanding, again, a different class or different course or webinar.


But those are extremely important.


And we know here that it is about opposing the mind on a more philosophical level, expanding out on what those facts of figures could mean.


Why do we know that? Because there's a sex tile that also goes to Aquarius and there's another one that goes into Libra.


So we're always looking here about what level do we relate to fairness to the other side of it, to the black and white theories.


Well, you said this, but I think, I think maybe, and we bring and think as the opposition, I maybe it could be something like this.


And how would that work?


There's a level of, well, you said this, you philosophically believe this, but is it real?


Can we make that work? Is there any sort of science to back in what you want?


That is how these energies relate as a Queen Cox, which is an energy that does not, when you try to use it, it does not, uh, integrate.


But there is a natural integration. If you leave it alone.


You have, I'm gonna erase most of this because it's getting jumbled.


You have, uh, taurus's energy here. Cancer's energy here.


Um, Jupiter's energy up here, right?


Jupiter, uh, nine, right?


And the Quin ks between, this happens here and here.


Now this is actually a Yad, I'm not gonna get into aspect patterns on this either.


Um, but the Yad is, is also something that's been very wrong because it doesn't factor in energy flow.


This is important, right?


So when we talk about this and this, this Quin cos here means that this is planet one, this is planet two.


So when we have our family, our roots, our home, our history, everything that's personal to us, everything has to do with our personal history.


Everything that is, you know, where we came from in our direct environment.


It does not understand culture.


It's usually devoid of culture unless you have like Jupiter in your fourth or something like that.


But naturally speaking, it does not have any expansion.


You haven't left your home.


You literally have know nothing of the world, you're not cultured.


Your opinions are, are not broad.


You're not a open-minded person because of this natural queen, cos you on a personal level, does not understand the world at large.


There is a natural need for this.


And once you do this, the world can be your home.


You can take your personal ideas and shift them into philosophy, but that's how it works.


That's this one. So let's get to the point of this, right, which is Jupiter is not financial abundance.


Well, abundance is a word that we use for expansion.


It's more, Jupiter in some systems is considered the great benefic.


Saturn, the great maleic. Mars is usually a maleic as well.


Maleic or benefic or nonsense.


It's a, that's an opinion because Jupiter, and I've mentioned this before, but ju whenever you see a brain tumor that expands, Jupiter's involved, whenever you see somebody who's struggling with weight, Jupiter's involved, whenever you see Jupiter come along, like your Jupiter return, there's some sort of, something expands, something becomes more, and what happens in a Jupiter return is if it's good stuff, as soon as it drops off, it feels like a sugar crash.


Like you're on a sugar high and then it's gone.


And then you come back to reality and it causes problems because Jupiter just expands on things.


When they're bad, it makes them extremely bad.


Until you use you, you know, Jupiter's energy into something that's gonna be much more beneficial.


So when you're talking about financial abundance, we're talking about luck, we're talking about money.


But the problem is the perception of luck is the idea that opportunity, which is based off of a numbers game, is that that's just gonna come to us, right?


And that's literally opposition because what actually rules, numbers is Gemini.


So there's actually an opposition to the numbers and you have to play into that, that balance.


What's real, what's our perception on this?


What can actually happen?


There's also a square to Virgo, which is a part of that equation as well.


But when it comes down to it, money is ruled by Taurus.


Venus is money. Taurus is money.


Jupiter by literal definition, one planet, two planet doesn't understand money.


Like there's a natural inclusion from abundance and opportunity into value culture and belief into value.


And our values are based off of our beliefs naturally.


But when you start focusing on Jupiter, you will not get money.


So all these people who keep saying Jupiter is financial abundance, and then they focus on that Jupiter, you've literally removed money from the equation.


You will not get money by doing a lot.


This is also for the record by teachers, don't make much money because Jupiter is not about that.


The philosophy, the higher education, no, but when Jupiter for higher education links up with Saturn, which is the government, and that trying comes down here, and then that links the government, brings it back into the institutions, then teaching makes a lot of money because it's going through this filter.


But the average person is subject as a teacher to the system, which they didn't even wanna be a part of anyway.


The system makes money, the teacher does not.


Uh, someone's mic is on. Chris. Thank you.


All right. So, so again, Jupiter, not financial abundance, alright?


I mean in all of this stuff here, when we're talking about pop culture, astrology is so easily debunked.


But the point isn't just to debunk it in terms of saying, oh, that's not it.


The whole point is always to say, well, what is, which is what we're doing here.


What is financial abundance?


Well, it's focusing again on the grand shrine between the earth signs and then attributing them to your chart as they sit in your chart.


So now we've got Jupiter is not financial abundance.


We have that one good there.


So we have north note, we have three left.


The eighth house does not show how you'll exit from this life.


Okay, I'm gonna for these three North note is not your future.


Uh, I Neil only for two. Let me go to the north node.


So we all see this in our chart.


The north node is not your future.


That is the statement in Alchemistic astrology.


We wanna know then, if the north node is not your future, what is your future?


Well, first off, Aquarius rules future.


And it, it rules the breaking down of the things you've always done to create your future.


So if there was something that represented future in your chart, it's your 11th house.


However, future is honestly time.


And it has to do with the trajectory of interjecting your free will to alchemize your energy to choose what your future is going to be as these energies come around and impact your chart, they're creating opportunities, they're creating, uh, energetic relationships that either open a door or close a door.


And then you can either find another door that is hidden within these opportunities or you can go with the flow or you can use that energy to kind of like manipulate the path.


But the future is an abstract concept.


And to believe that it is hold up in one position is already challenging anyway.


But, uh, the north node itself, remember everything that has to do with the nodes, that has to do with the vitality anchors.


These are all based off of the ecliptic.


Again, the ecliptic is right here, right?


Earth, sun, obviously not sun.


Uh, ecliptic goes b axial tilt of 17.5 degrees.


Uh, we'll be talking a lot about that at a different point.


'cause that 17.5 is extremely important.


Um, and you have the moon and the moon orbits around the earth, goes here, comes all the way back up, goes here and returns.


And you have a point here, and you have a point here from north to south is the south node from south to north is the north node.


So everything in astrology that is the south, including the south node, south of the equator, everything is either current or past.


Everything that is the north is future or leading us towards something.


So by that very definition, you would be like, oh, well then the north node is the future.


But the thing is, it's not because every single planet has a north node.


Every single planet has a south node.


In fact, Pluto has a south node in Capricorn and has for a very long time and has a north node in cancer.


And this is why Pluto's themes play out for every single one of us.


This is actually an easier one to use because we all have the same exact Pluto, um, north node in south node.


And it does not have to do with our future or our past either.


It has to do with default settings that have to do with Pluto's themes.


It has to do with where control, uh, intimacy, where shared resources and you know, debt.


Where is that naturally? Where does it naturally sit?


Well, it sits with government, it sits with structures, it sits with the banks.


It it, that's where it naturally sits when you go to the north node.


How do we find personal power, personal debt, personal resources that are shared with others to enhance what we do?


And that's what Pluto's nodes are all about.


Has nothing to do with the future, has to do with stepping out of our, um, it's not even a comfort zone because comfort is linked directly into the moon or ta depending if you're talking about material comfort or you're talking about personal emotional comfort.


It has more to do with what are we used to, what are the default settings versus what are we not used to, but helps us with our growth?


So whenever you're talking about the north node growth, not like abundance growth in getting bigger, but growth in terms of elevating and vibing higher and stepping into something that is not naturally our default is what this is about.


Silas, is that why generational wealth is so important to people now, uh, generational wealth is important to people actually because of the astrological ages being in the phase of cancer.


Uh, and like I said, that that Quin CO's from Jupiter that goes into Taurus, it's actually a sextile from Taurus into, so it's the energy flow from Taurus energy into cancer where we feel, which that generational wealth is actually cancer generations, uh, family and things like that.


And it opposes the Capricorn energy that has to do with things that are long-term structure and who's holding it and then bringing in a level of, um, possessions or finance or value or anything into that.


Uh, is it purpose? It is not purpose either.


Purpose again, is always the sun.


However, because we're talking about the ecliptic, you are bringing an element of purpose, right?


So these nodes, and it doesn't matter which planet you're talking about, these nodes are always bringing purpose.


So thank you for saying that.


Bringing purpose into growth, because the ecliptic is bringing the sun.


The sun is a part of the nodes.


This is about purpose, it's about vitality, but it is not your purpose, it is emotional growth and the purpose of emotional growth.


So in order to achieve something that has to do with this, your north node is going to talk about your relationship to your mother and your family and what you didn't have and what you felt uncomfortable with within there, your south node or your default settings.


The funny thing is we always attribute the moon directly with the mother.


And it is, but your relationship, like your standard defaults with your mother is actually your south node.


That is the thing that is the easiest.


The default setting, the most common thing, for better or for worse, that is actually what plays out with your relationship with your mother and your family and any maternal figures that you've had.


It's also your personal, when it comes to your personal expression and your personal creativity and your, uh, personal way of doing things.


That is your self node.


But there's an aspiration because of this.


There's a purpose, an aspiration towards your north node.


And if you've ever noticed the north node is things we wanna bring into our lives and we wanna be comfortable, we want to do these things.


We, we yearn for these things.


We feel like we're supposed to do these things.


And then people take that and they say it's life purpose, but it's only as it pertains to the moon.


The moon is the most personal planet.


So it is a very personal growth type of thing.


It's an emotional growth.


It is something we have to learn on an emotional level.


I have my north node in the 12th house in cancer.


I have never had a spiritual connection with my family.


I've had a lot of issues where I've felt abandoned by my family.


I am not comfortable with being alone and when it pertains to family, because in that area I've had negative things happen.


It's not just because of the north node, it sits a certain way in my chart.


But these are, um, these are important.


So it's emotional growth, it's the thing that we want to elevate, to grow spiritually, to grow emotionally, and to grow on a personal level, to bring a more comfortable, um, feeling into that area of life to achieve that opposition to the south node.


The south node is just our default. It's where we've been.


It's what started everything with the, the path of the moon.


We want to aspire towards something personal for ourselves.


The north node is a personal thing.


Sun conjunct to north node adds more growth to the purpose of your sun.


Uh, it adds more purpose in terms of aligning Leo's energy.


So whenever, if you have any, like when you break down the aspects, you are not, there's a difference between the energy being derived.


Uh, oh, hold on one second.


It might shut off again.


Uh, the camera's overheating, so that's fun.


Uh, if it overheats, I'll just switch over.


I'll just move this around and switch over to the other, the MacBook, uh, I'll try to pay attention to it.


The sun, the sun being conjunct, the north node.


There's a difference between the sun influencing the north node in terms of its energy being work, you know, working with the lunar energy here versus this being derived off of it.


So your, you have to understand the container that this is already in, and then it's working with the sun.


So your personal expression is always about trying to find something that you're good at, that you wanna do, that you, you know, your own emotional growth.


Anything that has to do with your Leo houses feeding into working with, um, the energies of the north node.


And this is also, you know, stepping into finding who you are.


There's a lot of personality.


There's, you know, issues with personality.


There's a lot of discomfort in your own sense of purpose and why you're here and trying to find something.


This is somebody that really thinks that there's some sort of purpose for them, um, but has a really hard time finding it and achieving it, especially depending on, depending on how it's aspected in the chart.


But it's gonna take all your Leo stuff that's happening in your Leo house and combine it with your north node, your sense of personal growth, and it's gonna create a lot of issues with potentially with the father where the father wasn't there.


And later in life you find purpose on your own or you find a father figure or, you know, it could be a lot of things.


Or if the father's positively aspected the father's integral into you figuring out who you are.


This can create a separation between you in acting independently from your father as well.


It just depends on how it sits in the chart.


Okay, so I am going to, we've done that.


So the north note is not your future, it is your emotional growth.


Cool, cool, cool. I am going to flip this over and mark that off.


I think what think what would be fun is I'm going to, all right, I'm going to share this screen window.


I think that's what I had to do last time.


Yeah, so you can see the mouse.


And then for this, uh, share screen, same.


This one. Cool, cool. You guys can all see that? Cool.


Cool, cool, cool. Alright.


So if I go into here, um, I've used this person before, um, but I'm going to use them again.


So this is my wife's sister.


So the idea that the eighth house is how you're gonna die, uh, is absolutely ridiculous.


What tells you? Uh, and here's what we're also gonna do, I'm gonna go back to, um, it's 2013, it was 25th of August, July was my dad, August was her sister.


Okay? So we're gonna look at this real quick.


Um, no questions. We're gonna keep going. Okay?


So in this, I'm just making sure you guys can see this.


I'm pretty sure we're good. Alright, in this we have, um, my, my wife's sisters and she gave me permission to be able to talk about this.


So we have, uh, these are the energies here.


Now, what we wanted to look at is the idea in pop culture astrology is that the eighth house shows us how we're going to die.


So we go to her eighth house, she did die, she passed away.


Uh, the date that I put in is actually the date that she died.


And we're gonna look here. Now, if I was talking to a bunch of people, you know, face-to-face, all you guys face-to-face, um, I would ask you to tell me what you think she died of.


Um, but I'm gonna tell you what most people would say and then tell you the truth.


So Chiron is sitting in the eighth house.


So some people would automatically go, and this is why you have to do this on many, many, many charts to get to the truth of things.


But many people say, oh, Ky around the eighth house, she was gonna die anyway.


This does not represent at all.


Also, degree theory is nonsense that the 18th degree has nothing to do with it.


If you go to, um, God, Michael, Jack, nah, let's not do Michael Jackson.


Let's do, uh, Robin. William, Do we have, yes we do.


So we have Robin Williams, uh, natal chart.


Let's make sure we throw it in whole signs.


So we have two of them here.


So the question, um, is, does the eighth house show how they died?


So we know how Robin Williams passed.


Most of us know that it was a hanging, uh, and that there, that this one, uh, was something specific, right?


So Kyron here and Robin, I haven't even looked at Robin Williams in a long time, but his natal chart has nothing in the eighth house, right?


So you would not be able to say, oh, the eighth house, that's how you're gonna go.


Even if you look to the ruler, um, it's in the 10th house conjunct the mid heaven with Leo that's in cancer in the ninth house.


None of this is attributing to anything that actually happened.


Pluto being the ruler of the first house is the physical body.


But yeah, that's for everybody.


So this doesn't tell you anything.


It's not even the right part body part.


Um, none of it, none of it is right.


Uh, in this case of my wife's sister, Kyron, again, Kyron there doesn't matter.


Yes, she had insecurities.


Yes, they had to do with like deep hidden things and whatever.


Um, but Taurus is related to what the neck food, um, you know, vocal cords, uh, comfort money, finance now, and it's rulers in the fifth house, the father money, things like that.


There was a part of what happened, and this is just because energy is there where the father was a part of it.


He wasn't there when it happened.


He was not the reason it happened, but he was part of the equation.


And that's just because the energy's still there, but he's not how she died, right?


So, um, when you look at this, you look into the fifth house and then even you carry the fifth house into the third house, and you carry the third house into the second house.


Even when you trace these around, um, again, if I was talking to you guys face to face, I would have you just say, what do you think it is?


And I've heard some people be like, oh, it's, you know, whatever.


She died of an accidental drug overdose.


That's how she died. And she died at home.


Notice that the moon, uh, was not the, this is out of orb here.


The the moon is out of orb of Chiron.


It is out of orb of Venus.


And none of the fourth house showed up in this.


But she died on the front porch.


Uh, and she took her own life.


And, you know, whether it was accidental or intentional, it, you know, nobody really knows.


But energetically I know that it was a regretful overdose.


And the reason you can tell these things is when you look at, um, the energies that were going on at the time and the things that were happening, first thing that we're gonna look at here is we have, um, you know, Jupiter's going through her 10th house.


It's going through, you know, where her moon is and the moon's ruler and all that stuff.


All this is happening here.


Um, when we're looking at, is that the right date? Yes.


Um, when we're looking at this, we had Saturn within orb of Jupiter, Jupiter of the third house.


We had Saturn in orb of a semis, sex tile, two Uranus, which is things that happen abrupt outta nowhere.


And then Jupiter's deck in Jupiter here has to do with mindset, has to do with, uh, the hands.


And this was a morphine injection, by the way.


That was too much.


And Jupiter is, uh, is sitting retrograde there.


Also, the period of time that was going on here, where'd Neptune go?


Neptune is sitting over here with Chiron over, uh, the sun.


Chiron over the sun is more telling of what was gonna happen to this person's vitality, especially in Pisces, with Neptune also there than anything else.


And without diving too deep into all of this, there was also the semis, sex tile at this moment with Uranus and retrograde over Aries, which is the physical body, uh, in terms of its themes, even though it's in the seventh house.


It has to do with balancing and hormones and how much and leveling and the semis sex style between Chiron and the issues with her and her personality and her vitality as it pertained to her father, which was there over things that happened abruptly and her own goals.


And whether or not she had goals.


And that having a semis sex style too.


Uranus going retrograde, which is making these back backwards decisions to make things abrupt changes, potentially add more or make impulsive decisions, which all went into her physical body.


Venus was over here. You would think Venus would've negated all of this, but it absolutely different.


And we can break into further how all of these aspects are all hitting each other.


But that's what happened on this day.


And as you can see, nothing happened in her eighth house.


Nothing. Because all death is based off of transits.


And in fact, if you pull up Ashley's chart and let's make sure that that is, that's the same day, you know, like I said, Venus is not always a good planet, but Venus is going over Juno retrograde.


And this actually had to do with, uh, Ashley's, I'm not gonna get too deep into this, but Ashley not really connecting with her sister during this time.


She actually separated from her sister because she was mad at her sister at that time, and she wishes she wasn't.


But that's the decision she made.


And that's a Juno retrograde thing, by the way.


And then in Ashley's chart, you'll see Chiron in retrograde over mercury.


And what does that mean? When you take multiple charts?


And this is how you see death in charts, by the way, is you need more than one chart.


Often your death is in someone else's chart.


It's the reason why I was able to save Ashley's life using alchemistic astrology.


I knew eight months in advance that Ashley was going to die, and she technically did die for like two minutes and she came back and it was based off of decisions we made because of the astrology.


But I saw it in five charts.


When you're looking here, I can pull up, I can pull up her mother's chart, her father's chart.


Here's in Ashley's chart, mercury rule siblings, yes, the eighth house is involved, but more than the eighth house is Pisces energy.


Pisces rules, anything that has to do with pharmaceuticals, has to do with isolation, depression, and also has to do more So with death than Pluto.


Neptune is the end of cycles, end of life.


And you can't, Silas said this in a live recently, perfect way to say it.


You can't get it back.


When Neptune comes around and it's dissolved and it's gone, it's gone.


Pluto is a rebirth.


And yes, death can happen because you can go too deep into things.


And this is actually what happened is that her sister went too deep into depression, into her mindset, into the the coping mechanisms that bring Pisces.


And it became an overdose based off of that, there was too much, not because it was too much Jupiter, like she went blah, blah, blah.


She just went too far with it.


And that's what, sorry, let me switch the camera there.


It's, uh, camera, camera video.


Let's go to this one.


Oh, it's so not pretty.


And then let's do this one camera.


This one. Okay, so I'll scoot over here real quick.


So this is what we have here.


Let me make sure that it turned off. Okay.


This is what we have here.


Um, whenever you're looking at death and you're looking at a chart, you have to realize that it's not sitting in your natal chart.


Because at that point, if it was sitting directly in your natal chart, how would you know when it was gonna happen?


Because the degrees do have markers.


13 is a marker, seven is a marker, nine is a marker.


But that's what the sun coming around, that's what those are about.


Those are activators. Those are like purpose-driven activators.


Again, something we'll talk about in a, in a different webinar, a different course, but death is not going to show in your natal chart.


It is going to show in transits and transits to other people's charts.


Same thing, like I said, I'm not gonna go through the, the whole death thing here with, uh, Robin Williams, nothing in his eighth house, and all of that goes to his midheaven.


Now, when he died, was it public?


Yeah, but that's, that's also, you know, showing in other places of his chart, the ascendant here that's sitting in a sex tile with Neptune, uh, for Robin Williams in the 12th house.


That is, uh, you know, the chart ruler and that's in the public house.


So of course that was very public, but it does not show that that was what was going to happen because transits activate things.


So in your chart, that's just a static thing.


It's the same reason why I tell you Ry is always done wrong because your relationship on a natal chart of somebody when you were five is not the same as when you're 20.


And it won't be the same as when you're 40.


These are static charts.


In order to understand them, you have to understand progressions, relocations, and transits.


Alright, so we have that eighth house does not show you how you're gonna die.


And nep. Now we know that Neptune is more of a dissolving energy than Pluto is anyway, although both of them can represent death in different ways.


So can Jupiter. So can Saturn.


Saturn creates restrictions and if Saturn's involved and Saturn is in Pisces and they're both retrograde, somebody could drown.


Like there are so many different ways that it can show up in your chart, but it's always based off of transits and the energy connections, the relationship of energies that we see within transit energy is how things happen in life.


The moon is the main activator, by the way.


And if we look here, where's the moon on that day?


Uh, we talked about this, um, based off of what time it was.


So this is, um, basing it probably off of this time in the morning.


But the moon sitting right here, I don't know that this is the time.


I think it was much earlier, which means it would've been down here a bit more, the 20 something range.


Um, but you would wanna look at the moon to see where that was, to see when it was, it could have even been later.


I don't remember what time she actually passed away.


And the moon moves a little bit too far for me to make that decision.


If I had to guess though, it probably happened a little bit later in the day because then it would've formed, uh, a trying over here.


And that would, that would actually make a lot more sense.


It also would've squared, uh, loosely.


No, I wouldn't have done that. I'd have to look into that.


I could get that. Maybe I'll do a video on it.


Uh, the next thing is Astrocartography map lines. Yay.


Let's get rid of Robin Williams for a second.


Uh, I'm just gonna use myself for this one.


This is the last one, and then we'll open the q and a.


All right. So when we're doing Astrocartography, there's a couple of things that you have to look at.


The first thing is that the, none of these, none of these energies, none of these lines that are going here.


First off, these are not all the lines.


Uh, secondly, when you're looking at, um, these lines, each one of them has a marker.


As we see here, we have Mars conjunct the ic.


It literally tells you nothing on this map with knowing Mars conjunct the ic.


It tells you absolutely nothing.


Lemme turn this 'cause it's confusing me. There we go.


All it's telling you is that the planet Mars, as it sits in your chart, in this area of the world, is going to be conjunct your ic.


Now, most people, when they get into astrocartography, as we've discussed before, don't even know what the IC is.


We didn't talk about it here. I'll talk about it later when I discuss vitality anchors.


But they also don't understand the midheaven when they're looking at, you know, or the ascendant or what the ascendant really is.


So whenever they're looking at these energies, it really means nothing to them anyway.


So this is one thing you have to factor in.


The other one is these are just conjunction points whenever you're looking at astrocartography.


When I turn the rest of these on, you get a lot more lines.


These are also as important.


They're not as focused in one area because they're, they're literally pulling two areas, but they're focused.


Um, you know, so for instance, if we just go to where I am now, I don't live on a line in Astrocartography here in Los Angeles, this is where I live, but there is a Mars squaring the ascendant line and a sun squaring the midheaven line that come here.


Now, this mar this sun line doesn't look like it affects it because it looks like it's too far away.


Mars is very clearly here.


Um, and this is why you need to pull up a relocated chart.


So when you end up pulling up here in Astro and you go down to a reference place, and then I type in Los Angeles, California, I select it, and then I go into the chart type and I choose relocated chart.


And this pulls it up. Now this, that's the map.


This is my natal chart.


You can see that I'm a Leo ascendant.


This is my relocated chart. I am a cancer ascendant.


This does not change me to a cancer.


It just changes the fact that there's a progress chart, a natal chart, and a relocated chart.


Now my relocated chart and my natal chart don't match anymore.


When I never left my hometown and I lived in Baltimore and I stayed in that generalized area, my relocated chart matched, I didn't really ever have to look at it.


My personal energies and the energies of how I act, interact with the world, while I'm in that, in that area and the people of that area, uh, are exactly the same.


But now that I live here, I have to factor in, uh, the fact that, like I said before in my natal chart, I have a midheaven in my 10th house at three degrees.


And I have in Taurus and in Los Angeles, I have an 18 degree, um, Pisces Midheaven in the ninth house, when I lived in Tampa, my chart looked very much like my natal chart.


But the midheaven was sitting over here at 25 degrees, which is when, when and where we started Mystic rebels, which you can see down here, I have my 25 degree, uh, Neptune placement that trying into my midheaven.


So it was very easy to start it, right?


So when you're looking at Astrocartography and you see these lines, first thing is most people don't activate the other lines.


They only whoops, zoom out, zoom out.


They only look at these lines.


These lines are only conjunction lines.


The other thing is they're not looking at pay lines.


Pay lines on this software are invisible.


So if I go up here and I click on Seattle, then you'll see, you see the moon conjunct ascendant that's sitting right here.


Anyway, well that's the line that shows up.


And when people on TikTok are doing these astrocartography readings, they read this, this is nothing, this is usually wrong by the way, you don't read this.


And the more beneficial on the western side of the line is also a lie because this is based off of ironically, Placid is health system.


Even though when you go to local space, this software bases it off of azimuth houses.


So they're, they're literally conflating several health systems to give you this gen this, you know, generalized information and you can read it.


But if you don't know that something is wrong, you, you gotta be careful with this what they put here.


Also in this specific software, you see the show details when you click this, uh oh, all of these other patron lines just showed up.


So the crossing energy of the moon and Venus with the moon on my ic conjunct, my ic and Venus conjunct, my descendant was not showing.


It doesn't show in this map over here.


It, I would have no idea.


It's definitely not in my relocated chart.


Let's assume this was Seattle instead of, uh, of Los Angeles.


None of that energy would show there.


And there are people that were like, well, you just go anywhere along this line and then let's look for Venus.


Oh no, Venus is in the ocean. Venus is your best line.


You know what's amazing for me, Venus is not my best line.


First off, it is the ruler of Chiron.


I would not want to go necessarily, unless I was looking for Chiron things.


I would not go there. I would not go to a Venus line.


And also Venus is directly Quin CO's my Saturn.


That's not a place for me to find structure or feel like, you know, I'm in a good mental place there.


I would have to really work on it there and I could find a way to utilize that energy and there can be a positive there, but I can't do it like everybody else.


I wouldn't be able to find a job.


I wouldn't be able to make money the normal way.


So if I'm looking for Astrocartography and I go to that venous line in my chart, I'm setting myself up for failure.


And this is what other people tell people to do.


So as the, the number eight here, the last one we're talking about is Astrocartography map lines do not show you the best place to live, which is a hundred percent because these lines are not universally representative of any sort of archetype, except that in this area, in your relocated chart alone, not your natal chart, your Jupiter, my Jupiter is going to be conjunct my ic also in an Mundo type of situation.


It shows the Pluto line here, when in reality it's actually somewhere over here.


So these lines aren't even completely accurate because you have to factor in a couple of things.


One is that the software is gonna do what the software wants to do.


Like I said, it's using Mundo placements right here, which moves the Pluto line to a place I know it's not at, I've lived, by the way, I've lived in Florida twice.


And if my Pluto line was here, I lived in West Palm Beach before and I absolutely experienced Pluto stuff, but I experienced far more Pluto stuff over on this side, which is where I was before.


So these lines are not even completely accurate.


Plus, like I said, the descriptions are telling you more beneficial on one side, that's a plaus thing.


And um, when you go to local space, which is another part of Astrocartography, which looks like, looks like this, this is azimuth houses, that's a whole different house system that's not the same.


So when you're using this, you actually have to ignore, um, you can see when I turn it on, it's in yellow, which you can see H five, H four new.


Those are houses based off a very specific health system that is, is not right.


These lines just mean that Jupiter in my chart.


And for the, for the record, I've said this a million times already on social media, but I was born on my Jupiter line.


Here's my natal chart. There's Jupiter.


The IC is opposite the Midheaven three degrees.


Zero three, well, within orb, very tight, very tight orb.


Um, in terms of how Jupiter is, 'cause Jupiter goes out to an eight degree orb.


So I was born on my Jupiter IC line.


I did not have a wonderful childhood.


I did not have a big family.


I, there's a lot of things that I did not have because when you read the definitions of Googling something in your chart, you're gonna get the wrong information.


There might be some things that are kind of right, but for the most part it's gonna be wrong if you Google.


Um, Let's use chat GPT real quick.


Let us create a new one. You can see I use it quite a bit.


Um, what does Jupyter in the fourth house represent?


Now, some of my chat GPT is going to be better than your chat GPT because I've spent a lot of time reprogramming chat GPTs, understanding of astrology, but it still tries to default to what it thinks it knows.


So Jupiter in the fourth house in a natal chart often suggests themes of growth, expansion, and luck within the realm of home and family.


So I didn't know any of my family.


My family was hardly ever there.


My mother abandoned me constantly until the point where child protective services had to come in.


I was constantly abused, neglected in, abused in every type of, of way.


I didn't find out that I actually had a family, like a big family.


Uh, or it's not really even a big family, just a normal sized family.


To me it felt big, but it's, it's not, it's just a couple of cousins and that's pretty much it.


So not a big family, but I didn't find that out until I was 37 years old.


I thought that it was my birth mother, my half sister and me, and then my other sister was given up for adoption, positive family relationships.


No large expansive home.


No, I was born in the projects in section eight in a one bedroom apartment that my birth mother slept on the pullout sofa in the living room.


It was tiny roaches, all kinds of crap.


Bullet holes, you know, bullets flying through the windows.


Emotional abundance. I have lacked emotional abundance my entire life.


I've struggled with emotions a lot, uh, inheritance or well through family.


Again, section eight, no family, not gonna happen.


Cultural heritage. I have zero cultural heritage.


All of my culture has come from other cultures.


I don't appropriate it, but it's definitely a big part of who I am.


But that's reflective right here in this energy.


And then the last one, seeking security.


Actually security is the one thing I always thought I had within myself.


I've very much been a lone wolf my entire life, and I've definitely not done that.


So just, just this, right?


You Google something or use chat GBT or whatever, and the definitions are almost always wrong because it factors absolutely nothing in.


Now if you take that and a tribute that to astrocartography, you send somebody to the Jupiter line and they have a chart like mine, and you're like, oh, Jupiter line's abundance.


It's a, it's amazing.


We talked before that it is not financial abundance, uh, that, you know, it's very much relegated to Jupiter's themes and Jupiter's themes in your chart.


So when you start looking at the nap, you start looking at these lines and everybody's like, oh, your sun line, oh, your, your Jupiter line.


Oh, your, um, your venous line, blah, blah, blah.


Now in my chart, they might avoid the Jupiter line because it's quote unquote conjunct the Pluto line.


But that's not actually the thing.


Even with the sunline, even with the, you know, the, the venous lines as they attribute through these various, um, areas.


And you know, there are multiple sun lines.


Here's a sunline that goes across here.


Um, you know, the, for some people a sunline might be good, but you can't just, Jupiter just expanded what's already there.


Yep, exactly Anna, that's exactly what happens.


Is Jupiter's going to take what's expansive.


And Jupiter in your chart is not gonna be Jupiter in my chart.


And when you do a reading for somebody, you have to realize that all this map is telling you is that in this area, the IC and everything the IC means is gonna be conjunct.


The, uh, the Mars placement or the Saturn placement.


I have a lot of ICS throughout the United States, but let me hit you up with another fact.


Let me lay some more knowledge on you.


If it, if Mars is conjunct the IC or Saturn is conjunct the ic, what does that also mean?


And this is always ignored.


It means that Mars is also opposite the Midheaven.


Saturn is also opposite the Midheaven Pluto, opposite of the midheaven.


The moon is opposite your ascendant.


They never talk about that.


And when you're reading this, you have to factor that in.


What does that mean? It means the ascendant for this one and the midheaven for these four are all a part of it.


But it just says the ic.


So you ignore the midheaven and it matters.


Mars on the IC could be challenging for one person and good for another.


You know, one of my favorite places I've ever been, Ashley and I traveled the country during the pandemic three times.


Three times while everything was shut down.


You know, my favorite place, one of them, Amarillo, Texas, I don't wanna live there.


But I had the best experience.


We drove through there three times, you know, three different times that we traveled the country.


We drove through there three times.


That's right on my Mars IC line.


But people will tell you, oh, don't go to your Mars IC line.


It's conflict. It's bad, the general area.


It's gonna be bad. Mars opposes the midheaven.


You're gonna have conflicts on a personal level with the public b******t.


I got a bunch of free banana pudding there.


I made friends with locals there like in a heartbeat because Mars, and this attributes also to the fact that essential dignity is pure nonsense.


The idea that a planet works better.


I have Mars and Libra that's supposed to be in detriment, which means that line should be terrible.


But that's one of the best places I've ever been.


And so was, um, Oklahoma City. How far away is that?


Oklahoma City. I really don't know where that is.


Oklahoma City was another place that I was like, there it is right there, right between my Saturn and Mars lines.


But when you look at it, you know, um, you have to click on here.


You have to look at the pay lines.


Uh, you can tell here that because I've been to Oklahoma City and I liked it.


And over here it says there's no planetary lines.


I know that either by a minute or a couple of seconds that my chart is that my birth time is a little bit off.


You're never drawn to a place that has no energy.


Like I would never go to Tulsa.


There's nothing I would ever that would ever pull me to Tulsa ever.


I, I've never even thought of it.


The only time I've ever thought of Tulsa is when they said it in friends, because at one point Chandler went to Tulsa.


That was it. But I would never go there.


But Oklahoma City I really liked.


So you can see that as I click here and click here, my birth time's a couple of seconds off, but it's very close.


But I have that Venus, Pluto, and Venus.


Pluto sits a very specific way in my chart versus a dozen other places.


This general line has been pretty good for me.


Albuquerque has been really good for me.


Phoenix is good for me.


Ama Rio, look, they're all in a line.


And even down here with Phoenix, I still have that Venus, Pluto.


And then I gained a sun. Mars, Phoenix has been really good for me.


And then Los Angeles, I still have that.


And other people would tell you, Venus, Pluto, ooh, stay away.


But I have, I have a good relationship to Pluto in my chart.


Pluto rules my fourth house. Pluto is a good energy for me.


That's why I lived in my Pluto line in Tampa.


That's why I'm drawn to Pluto.


So when you're looking at Astrocartography and you're looking at these map lines, it's all a lie for you.


Pluto might be terrible, but for me, Pluto could be amazing because Pluto sitting in my chart versus Pluto sitting in your chart, Pluto is a part of a kite formation or a grand shrine.


One of the grand shrines in my chart Pluto sits right there.


It's also in retrograde.


I find a lot of myself right here, there.


And I always go to those places when I need to find myself.


And when it ends up Pluto on the descendant, yeah, I create enemies.


I'm very intense. But Venus is also, you know, the payment lines.


Venus is also on my ascendant and Venus sits there.


And there's a challenge to this.


My Venus sitting on my ascendant has created issues with the type of work I do and the type of work that's traditionally done.


'cause that Queen Kong's actually pulls that type of energy into my sixth house.


So it pulls that energy there.


Um, but I find people, when I align with that energy positively, I find people who are very intrigued in what I do.


Whether that was film or astrology or comic books or uh, websites or digital marketing or anything that I do.


So when you're looking at Astrocartography and I have to do many, many more classes in Mystic Circle for this, that's what it is.


Now I'm gonna open this up to, um, I'm gonna cut this off for a second.


I think, actually, you know what, I'll leave this up.


I'm gonna open this up to q and a.


What astro, what software do I use for Astrocartography?


I, I personally use astro.com.


You can use Astro seek astrocartography.


There is one cool thing that Astros Seq does.


Eventually I'm gonna be creating my own.


Um, I gotta do this real quick.


Uh, I am gonna create my own software very soon.


I'm, I haven't found the right developer yet.


9 49. I am originally from Baltimore, Maryland.


Alright. One thing that I do like is there's this kind of almost scrubbing feature you see up here at the top.


These numbers that are happening right now for the geo coordinates.


This needs to be in more software.


Uh, I don't like astro seek software like that much, but I do like that.


Um, all these lines are still showing up the same way.


One thing I also like here is the way that, um, I just assume this way.


You see how you see this Pluto. I see line.


You see how there's a bigger discrepancy between Jupiter and Pluto.


This is actually more accurate. My Pluto line.


It, it's not that far out, it's not accurate either.


Pluto's actually sitting here.


So they're calculating them in different ways.


And by the way, the reason why Pluto is so off all the time is because there's a lot of very specific math.


Because Pluto's orbit is so, um, so tilted to the ecliptic as opposed to a lot of the, and Chiron is like that too.


So it has to be mathematically like finagled to make it work with the normal ecliptic for everybody else.


But, um, Pluto is showing out here and Pluto's there.


And actually I'm curious real quick before I jump back into your questions.


'cause it's showing it going right through Atlanta.


I didn't personally like Atlanta, but I didn't hate it either.


That doesn't know how you spell that. It doesn't matter.


It's right there.


Midheaven 25, uh, 24.


Yeah. So no, it actually is right on Astro Seq.


So, um, Pluto line is calculated two different ways.


One is, uh, Zedi and the other one is Mundo.


The Mundo is what Astro uses is the only thing an astro I don't like.


Um, but I think more software needs to have this.


So if I'm looking for a certain ascendant, like I wanna know, let's say I'm working with a client and I wanna know they wanna stay in the United States and I wanna know they're being born, them being born here.


You can see the 13 degree Leo ascendant that I have and the three degree tarus.


I'm right over Baltimore, Maryland. That is where I am.


And obviously as you go longitude, latitude, it changes.


You can see the numbers in real time changing.


This is called scrubbing. And this should be in every software.


But I wanna know at what point if I go west, if I really, let's say you have like Chiron in your sixth house and you wanna move it to your fifth house, um, you would actually wanna go east to do that.


But let's say you want to change your ascendant because you wanna flip some of the houses.


Maybe you wanna move your mid midheaven somewhere.


Maybe you wanna a different 10th house because you wanna align with certain goals.


By the way, that's what astrocartography is about, aligning with goals, figuring out what goals you want to align with.


So I can just literally do this and I can discover really quickly that right around boop right here.


And you know, whatever, zoom in.


I don't even know how to zoom in on this 'cause I don't use it that much.


But, um, can I just double click? Nope.


Oh, clicking gives me the chart here, which is really cool too.


But if I click on like Tulsa for instance, if I click on Tulsa, it's gonna give me my relocated chart in Tulsa.


I like that about this software to be completely honest.


Um, I don't like that it goes to Plaus.


You obviously have to change that, the whole science.


But I know that this line right here is where I switch from Leo to cancer.


So if I wanna use cancer as energy, I also know that if I go all the way over, no matter how far west I go in the continental United States, that I'm not gonna not be a cancer rising.


'cause if I follow the coast, it stays as in descendant cancer right?


Now, if I go up here, uh, a bit more and I go into to Alaska, uh, my ascendant because the ascendant arcs is still cancer.


So in order to get to Gemini, ascendant Gemini, I have to be on the south side and far enough west over here in Alaska to be that, which is a really cool thing.


If I go to, uh, to London with this software, London, boom, I'm a Libra ascendant cancer midheaven.


So I can know that. And then obviously if I want to click into that chart, change it to hold signs or whatever, then I would do that.


I don't use astro seek that much, but you could use this.


Um, I don't use it enough to know if I've used these planet lines, uh, I'm sorry, these patron lines.


And they're weird. There's something really weird about these.


So I don't use the software for that.


But every once in a while, if I just want to know where somebody will be different, I'll pull this up.


Uh, Lisa, at what point in the natal chart do you use your progression chart relocated chart versus your natal chart?


So all three are used at the same time.


Always Is the progression relocation only for certain questions in astrology?


Okay, so yes, there are certain questions where if you ask me, and it's always based on how you phrase the question.


So how is the current actually asking the question?


Sometimes they'll feel like I just, I don't know.


I just feel stuck.


That f that verbiage, that phraseology immediately tells me that yes, I should check the transits, but it's in your progress chart.


I don't know. I just feel stuck.


The feel stuck, the feel, anything, I don't know.


And I feel that's almost always progressions.


So when I'm looking at everything, like for me, like balancing, making money and children and having fun and things, feeling like a lot of work or feeling like it, it, it's like I need more structure, but I'm having a hard time with it.


That is not, that's nothing in the transit that are happening here.


Like, if I go back to my chart, let's put it up, what's today, the 14th of September, 2024.


And I throw on the transits of today, by the way, again, this is astro.com.


I have a paid version because I store everybody's chart that I do readings for.


Um, but there is a free version for you.


Uh, but you can see that the transit's coming here where I said I'm having a hard time with money, I shouldn't, or I'm not having a hard time with money.


I'm having a hard time balancing, like wanting to have fun and my creative expression with money and things of that nature.


Um, and just feeling like I wanna spend more time with my kids, but work is taking me away kind of thing.


So this energy does not say that there's nothing going on in my sixth house, uh, you know, Pluto's coming back.


And that is, is absolutely contributing to how I restructure.


But that's on a very personal basis in terms of how I interact with the world.


But if you go back here, uh, let's make sure that we're not going back to 2013 and we go to September 14th, 2024, and we turn on the, that's relocated, that's progressed.


We turn on progressed charts here.


This is actually what's happening.


My ascendant, my actions and my Saturn earn a direct semis sex tile.


Saturn is the ruler of my fifth house in my progressions.


And Libra is the oscillating balance.


The, I'm trying to find more time, but I'm trying to work, you know, make money and do things and build something out and work on my career and all that stuff.


But I wanna spend time with my kids.


That's all this, that's what's happening.


And I've looked at this and I know what I have to do.


I have found alignment. I found happiness.


Uh, I found purpose. I found a way to drive forward.


But a lot of people can feel like they can't be happy during this time, that they can't find romance, they can't deal with their children.


They, they're having a hard time creatively expressing themselves because a semis sex tile on a personal, internal, internal level is gonna be very difficult with the actions and my motivations and the things I'm trying to do, literally ascendant trying to do.


And that semis exile can create challenges.


I have to align, which I have with this conjunction here, which is strategizing time, balancing out time, and then with my partner as well.


That's a big, been a big part of the equation is my partner feels overwhelmed with the children sometimes.


So as much work as we do and we're building a lot of things like you guys see Mystic circle, um, you, most of you know that we're building a wiki.


We're also about to start a 401k, 401k, Jesus Christ, 5 0 3 c.


We're about to start very different things.


We're about to start a nonprofit.


We are working on the network of wellness, which is to get you guys up to speed certified and pushed out so that you guys as alchemistic astrologers and alchemistic healers, when you take Ashley's herbalism and tarot stuff, you guys can be promoted as part of our, our system.


And this is why Mystic Circle is so important.


It's the community and making sure that my wife feels like she is not being burdened by the children.


So I balance the time out.


I take the kids, I say, you go do your thing.


And she, she usually puts it back into our own health.


That would also show in her chart.


Uh, next question would be, so when you were looking at the charts earlier, uh, regarding death, would you use relocation or progress chart?


I use the natal chart. And remember most times death is not in your own chart.


It's in other people's charts. Why?


Because Pluto is literally other people.


So the death actually comes from outside of yourself.


So is Neptune. Neptune is not you.


So it's not showing in your natal chart the very themes of Pluto being death and depth and addiction and all of that, and rebirth and, and a literal dying to to re burn.


And if you go too deep, the rebirth doesn't happen.


And Neptune of fizzling out not being there, like literally ending all cycles.


Those two have nothing to do with you.


So it's, it doesn't show in your chart like that, but you usually use your natal chart.


Sometimes you can use the progressions as well, but your progressions are internalized energy.


So if I wanna understand how somebody's feeling in terms of what could lead to that, like depression and uh, a feeling of not having purpose or feeling like they have the right to live.


That's something we would look into the progressions and the transits of.


But if I wanted to confirm like somebody thinks that this person might be, you know, suicidal or, uh, have those types of thoughts, I would look into their chart, but I would also look into the person's chart who's related to them to see if I see that, if I don't see that, then it's a misinterpretation of energy.


But if I see it, then it's about alchemizing the energy because it does not have to be that way.


That's the whole point of the alchemistic portion.


Uh, LI guess over here I'm new and not yet a part of mystic rebels.


Mystic circle. What is alchemistic? Astrology?


Are there any resources to understand? Oh, Lorena.


Lorena Alchemistic astrology is the result of me trying to figure out astrology and me going through all these different systems of astrology to try to figure out what was right and what was wrong.


Just like everybody else, I've gotten countless readings and most of them are surface.


And every once in a while you come across a reading where there was something in there that was accurate or resonated or made sense, right?


And so you don't discredit astrology, but when you think about those readings that were good readings, usually it's like two or three things where like they really hit home, but the rest of that reading was nonsense.


It just didn't apply at all to you.


And that's been the issue.


And I'm that type of person, as you can see in my chart, uh, with this Lilith conjunct south node in the sixth house, which is Virgos energy in Capricorn.


All of that going into the mental energy and all of my ascendant energy going into the 11th house of Aquarius, and then even this having a sextile over two, this energy and my moon being an Aquarius, even in, you know, in the Libra House, I am very much that person that cannot accept things at face value.


Like you can be like, it's raining outside, and I'll be like, is it?


And it, I can't help it.


And I, you know, I try to give people the benefit of the doubt.


I try to, but I will go check or I will listen and be like, I don't hear any rain.


And because I have this fear of being lied to as well, I've been lied to a lot in my life.


And, uh, I've always been like, like I said, that lone wolf.


So at the end of the day, not only do I wanna figure out whether or not it's true or not, but I wanna figure out how, how could it be true, right?


Like my initial thing of be like, no, it's not raining because I'll go check, but I'll be like, but it looks like it might rain and based off of this, it's probably gonna rain around 2:00 PM And I'm usually pretty accurate on that because I've figured out the patterns and I'm not the only person who could do that.


But that was always my energy.


So when I got into astrology, just like I got into, when I was working in Hollywood, I did the same thing.


I walked onto a film set and I said, this is the most inefficient thing I've ever seen.


And when I built my own production company and I had my own film studio with my name up on it, I ran my sets very different.


And I've done every kind of filmmaking you can think of, from big Hollywood blockbusters to adult entertainment, to commercials, to, um, music videos, to student film, small film infomercials, you name it, I've done it.


And every single one I treated as it needed to be more efficient, and we needed to have a better purpose and streamline that.


So we made more money. And then I get into astrology and I see the same thing.


I'm like, this is inefficient. This is inaccurate.


So I did not get into astrology to fix astrology or to develop a system that just happened as a byproduct of me saying, I know there's something here.


I know there's something right and accurate about all of this, but what we're learning, ain't it?


So I would take things piece by piece to figure out what was the truth and what wasn't the truth.


And I did this for the last nine years almost.


So it's not, it's not even that it was a, um, a short term thing like this.


What you're seeing is the result of nine years of my work, and you don't see, um, you don't see the, all the theories that I've tested that didn't work.


I'm just presenting what did work.


So out of like the thousands of theories that I've come up with, a good 95 to 98% of them failed.


They didn't work, right?


So it, it's a lot of hard work to figure this out.


And at the end of the day, I had to develop my own understanding to make a new system of this is what it is.


And at the end of the day, all that really mattered to me.


And I think what matters to most people is, if I spend the time to learn all this stuff, what does it mean?


Can I use it? If you tell me that the moon is over here, Saturn's over here, Uranus is over here, it hits this, this, and this, we're looking at three different charts and all of this, and we come to a conclusion, does that really happen?


And with every system outside of my own, the answer is no, it does not happen.


And it, and the the brush off is always, it's down to the interpreter.


And what's different about Alchemistic, astrology, I mean, is everything the philosophy, the way energy flow works, everything, but is when we have alchemistic astrologers and we have a bunch of people here, um, some of them, uh, had to bounce early, but we have a lot of people here sitting in, in Mystic Circle, and a lot of them are becoming astrologers.


And they are, there are 10 of them in there right now, and they are understanding how it works to the point where they're like, oh, I get that.


What about this? And they're developing their own theories, whether they realize they're doing it or not, they're doing it because they're like, oh, I see some truth.


Let's add truth, let's add truth.


And when they do readings for other people, the people they do those readings for are like, oh my God, that was really accurate.


So the idea that it comes down to the interpreter has some merit because let me look at my list.


Elizabeth and Carly and Anita are all gonna say different things than me versus what Tanya might say.


Or, or, um, uh, Lisa, Jen, uh, Jamie or Silas, you know, are in us.


They're all gonna say different things, but none of them are gonna say anything out of the parameters of alchemistic astrology.


So everything they're gonna say is going to be accurate.


It's just that, you know, one of them might see something that I would've focused on something else.


Because our intuition's different. The timing's different.


If you get a reading with me and get a reading with Silas or you get a reading with somebody else, you have to realize that the timing of your reading also plays into it because the moon is sitting in a different place and the person you're interacting with is a different person.


So I don't want to be the only person you get in astrology reading from, but when people ask me about resources or books, there's nothing.


Because I developed a system, I developed one that is reliable and accurate.


And I've mentioned this a bunch of times, I don't want to dwell on this, but if you go to Mystic Rebels on Google Maps and you read the reviews, there's something very different about the reviews that we have, my wife and I for what we do versus other astrologers.


If you can even find reviews that they have public.


And we, we take great pride in the fact that what we do works, and we're also case studies.


We use our astrology, we use our herbalism, we use our tarot to be able to do the things and have abundance, have wealth, but also realize, like I said in my progress chart, I'm not, I'm not immune to life, you know what I mean?


This happens, this ascendant Saturn happened.


And to be honest, even as an astrologer, sometimes I forget to look, I I'm not omnipotent, you know, I have a system that works, but if I don't look, I don't pay attention.


The moon is also semis sextile right now for the next month maybe.


And I can look at, at the timing to Pluto and um, and to Mars and there's a lot of like writing my book.


And I actually have to focus on going back to write my book and um, which is all this energy actually, so that I can put my energy into that.


Whereas right now it feels like I can't write my book.


And then once this happens and it gets beyond this semis sex tile, it's gonna hit 27 and then 28 degrees.


Well, from 27 to 28, now I'm in a semis, sex tile with Jupiter.


And if I, there's a lot of people who believe, oh, I'll just wait for the stars to align.


No, that's what Alchemistic is about.


Not only do we understand the real definitions of these energies and the archetypes and how energy actually relates, but we understand that it can be alchemized, it can be used because if you wait for the planets to go around, you'll be 40 years from now still waiting.


'cause the planets are never 100% favorable for anything.


I have some clients right now that are going through some stuff, and I'm d I'm working with them very consistently.


They're booking with me every couple of days because with Mars, here, lemme show you, there's cancer with Mars going through cancer.


Anytime any planet, and this is a, a freebie for this one, anytime, any planet ccra, its cancer, everything constantly changes.


So Mars, especially Mars, which has to do with action and things that are quick anyway from day to day right now, Mars going through cancer, everything's changing everything.


Every day is changing because the moon is constantly moving.


The moon's one of the fastest things in our solar system.


If you remove the ascendant points in all those, those types of points, the moon is the fastest.


And you have to understand that. You have to understand why.


How come yesterday it was this, and today it's that because, you know, the moon moves a different sign every two and a half days, but also it's forming different aspects the entire time.


Um, so the, you know, the reason why what we teach, what we teach is so that you can use this because if you don't understand it, then life is happening to you instead of you using your free will to create the life you want.


This is exactly how I feel.


Many readings, some resonance, still not convinced. Yep.


Main reason I'm getting into astrology.


But it's hard to find good resources.


And that is the challenge.


And look, I am doing my best to make mystic circle as valuable as possible.


So is Ashley, she's my wife, she does the tarot, spiritualism, uh, herbalism, all that stuff.


I do business stuff, I do mindset, and I do, uh, astrology and um, together, you know, we have a wide gamut of stuff that we can do.


It's very hard to find it because there's so many different systems of astrology.


And just like the whole purpose of what we're doing today, pop culture astrology or spiritual astrology or fake astrology has taken over.


And you, uh, and I mentioned this earlier on the live today, but 27% of all Americans according to a study believe in astrology.


And if you take 27% into 370 million people or whatever, you're somewhere around 90 to a hundred million people.


And if I just round up for ease to a hundred million, you would think that if astrology was accurate about what's out there, then a hundred million people would be living the life they wanna live.


But you have different systems of astrology and some of them literally tell you, your life is gonna end.


Your life is terrible. You will never have abundance.


You're ugly. Like, and I'm kind of saying that for comedic factor, but they literally say those things.


Uh, there's a guy named Evan who's all over TikTok.


I got one of his clients and uh, they told him that his mother was gonna die in three months and she's coming to me like, do you see that too?


And I'm like, no, for the record, that was last January for the record.


Her mother's still alive. But these people are awful.


They're scam artists and they're using fake astrology and then their morals and their ethics are bankrupt.


So the reason why we do what we do is to help people at the end of the day, like, yes, I have this system that I've created.


Is it done? No, it needs to expand. It needs to evolve.


And that's what the people in Mystic Circle are gonna help us do.


For the people who want to, some people just wanna learn it, have fun, be a part of a community.


All good. Others are like, I really want to be able to take this and like use it or blend it with herbalism my way or blend it with physical therapy or blend it with whatever.


Not everybody wants to be.


I wanna be an astrologer and show up on YouTube and do forecasts.


Most people don't wanna do that, but they think that's what they're supposed to do 'cause they think that's what an astrologer is.


Well, all we're looking for is how do we, Ashley and I, how do we empower you?


How do we give you the tools so that you can do this for yourself?


And we're going to be developing Wikis and we're going to be putting those, it's a separate software that we're using, but we're gonna be granting access over there.


Once we reach a certain amount of people in Mystic Circle, we're gaining quite a bit of people.


And the more people who go, it'll justify the cost because that there's a cost for that software.


So we were either gonna add it on, um, so that you have a place to actually go for that information and it would be like 40 bucks a month or something.


Or we get enough people into Mystic Circle and we just say 40 bucks a, you know, whatever.


Our cost is a couple hundred dollars a month to sustain this thing.


Um, we have enough people that we don't have to charge separate, we'll just include it as a perk.


So we haven't made that decision yet, but we're trying to add as much value.


Ashley and I also, I'm writing my book, um, and you'll get a discount on the book.


I am, you know, we offer readings all of our Mystic Circle people who want readings get 20% off of all of our readings above a hundred dollars.


So it doesn't apply to TikTok, it doesn't apply to quick answers, but anything above a hundred, it's probably like 70, 80% of our readings.


You get 20% off of that.


Um, and that's just as you need it, you know, it's just perks.


You have access to the community.


All of our courses are included.


All of our webinars included, everybody who's on this webinar.


Um, the 10 or 11 people from Mystic Circle who are on it right now did not pay extra for it.


That's just included. They will also have access to all the repeats.


So I'll be getting a lot of the Q and As in this webinar up.


Oh s**t, I didn't record this, so I will not be putting this up.


Damn it. Future on.


I will make it automatic recording.


Um, but for, let's see, this is early Uranus retrograde crap I wasn't paying attention to.


Um, I will probably do another one and then I'll record that one because for the people who missed this one, they were gonna go there, but it'll be free for Mystic Circle people.


So I will make sure that we go through this again.


Um, does Mercury in conjunct Uranus cause learning disabilities?


Mer uh, it depends on how it sits in your chart.


Um, it can cr it depends and it depends on the order.


Is it mercury in conjunct Uranus or is it Uranus in conjunct mercury?


But how you learn things, um, and your strokes of genius are going to be automatic.


And if you try to focus on the mechanics behind it, you can get, you can lose the facts.


Uh, or, or vice versa, depending on how it is.


I, I don't know that I would call it learning disabilities, but I would call it a disconnect between, um, understanding how things work versus what our perception of those things are.


Mercury in the eighth, Uranus in the first, uh, Uranus in the first is gonna cause works anyway.


Um, but Uranus is, is the problem so often, no, I'm sorry, mercury is the problem.


So a lot of that is the thinking and the over analyzing is creating a problem with the understanding.


So when you learn whoever this is, you know, whether it's your chart or someone else's chart, when they learn something, they have to learn it their own way.


They have to understand it their own way or the facts won't make sense.


This is not somebody who can go straight into a communicative setting or to a factual setting.


And no matter how, how deep they dive into trying to learn something, if they don't understand how they can use it, it's not gonna work.


So these are, that type of person is a very mechanical person, a very like hands-on approach type of person.


And they need to be, they're not the person who can just listen to it and dive into research without any like, usage of it.


So again, it can create learning obstacles.


I wouldn't necessarily call it a disability, but it's definitely somebody who, and that alone, like if this person does have learning disabilities, it's not just that.


Do having planets in the eighth house feel like a planet is in retrograde?


No, not at all.


Planet in retrograde is an inward reversing, compounding, um, backtracking of energy.


Uh, the eighth house is a hidden secret, requires death and intimacy type of energy.


They're very different.


Um, are there any final questions before I close this out guys?


Just open it up to both of you guys.


So that was, uh, that was coming from Mystic Circle over here.


Uh, we answered everything for everybody that's sitting over here on Google Meet.


Any other final questions? And then I will close this out.


We hit all the top 10 pretty quickly actually.


You guys are all good. You guys are all good as your information, you are welcome.


Uh, if you want to dive deeper and you're not part of Mystic Circle, obviously you know where to come.


And, uh, if you wanna learn all of this stuff, I appreciate all you guys, uh, for being here.


Thank you for making this a an enjoyable, uh, experience.


This is the first time we did this.


As you can see, I had some hiccups and hangups, but we got through it.


You guys got all your information, um, in the future, I actually know how I'm gonna do it.


So this was really good for me to be able to test this out, to know how I'm gonna move you know, this, forward into the future and do it so it, so that it's a lot more streamlined, um, and that the natural recording happens.


And that's what I have for you guys. I appreciate all y'all.


If you guys have any questions in Mystic Circle about this, you can create a post, uh, within Mystic Circle and I'll go over it.


You know, that's what the community's about.


So anything that we talked about, if you wanna be like, oh, today's webinar you said blah, blah blah, I want to know more about blah blah, blah.


You know, go ahead and do that. A lot of information today.


Take some time to process it.


Uh, and uh, if you're going to join Mystic Circle, then I'll see you there.


Everybody in Mystic Circle.


I will check up on you guys later today and this is the end.


So thank you guys so much.


I appreciate you being here and as always alchemize your life to vibe higher.






IMPORTANT NOTES ABOUT TRANSCRIPT! READ***


We go through why these 10 Pop Culture Astrology myths hold no water: 1. The Ascendant isn’t the mask you wear  2. The 8th house doesn’t show you how you’ll exit this life  3. The Midheaven is not your career  4. Saturn is not the father  5. Mars is not anger  6. Your 10th house is not your appearance  7. Jupiter is not financial abundance  8. Astrocartography map lines do not show you the best place to live  9. Pisces is not an emotional sign  10. The North Node is not your future