Delegates and house conditions:


Well, welcome.


Oh my God. Welcome to Delegates and house conditions.


Thank you. Thank you, Carly.


Welcome to the delegates and house conditions webinar, teaching session, whatever we wanna call this.


All right, that's my starting point.


That's kind of my intro, botched it, but whatever.


Let me pull up my daughter's chart and give you an example.


She is a Libra rising.


Uh, you guys can all see the screen, right? Yep. Okay, cool.


Alright, so she's here, she is li whoop, Libra Rising.


Um, we joke around that even though the three other ones of us, my, uh, middle child and my wife and I are all Leo Risings, that my youngest daughter is way more Leo than we are.


So, um, reason being is she has her moon in Leo, and then its rulers in the first house, um, with a sun there.


And, uh, the only thing that's kind of not a part of it is, well, the ruler of the fifth house is up here, and then that ruler is over here and that rule is here, so that doesn't count.


And then we started, I started looking at it again, and I'm like, oh, my daughter's chart, my other daughter's chart.


I'll come back to this, my other daughter chart, daughter's chart.


There she is, her Leo rising.


It's up here in the eighth house, like my wife says, but then she's got boom, south node, uh, sitting over here in the fifth house.


So she has this like hardcore, this extra Leo energy.


Anyway, lemme jump back when you're reading these, um, all of these, and this'll be a separate webinar class or whatever, I end up making this, but whenever you're reading this, you have to start, remember in we inner wheel, outer wheel that you have two wheels, not one.


So it's not just the first house is in Libra, that's the way it's always taught.


It makes you think that the first house is just like a couple of words at the beginning of the sentence, and then you just go straight to Libra.


But you have to go Aries energy with all of this.


In Aries energy is acting out through Libra.


And then from there, that ruler goes into the 12th house.


So this is actually a good starting point.


Uh, I'll use my dollars chart for now.


We'll use your charts, uh, as we go through like we normally do.


If you want to, uh, Misha says, I'm a Leo rising with my Mars in the fifth house.


Uh, extra Leo energy is almost direct opposition with my Venus, right?


So Venus would then be, if you're a Leo rising would be your third house, your Gemini energy, uh, and also your 10th house energy.


So your opposing Capricorn and Geminis type of energy there, which is exactly what we're talking about here.


When you're reading these charts, any chart that you're looking at, delegates and health conditions, these are not brand new things, by the way, but they, like I mentioned earlier, if you were here, a lot of these things throughout astrology have been like touched on and then just kind of faded into obscurity.


And if you Google it, you can go find, you know, general ideas of planetary and house condition.


And those things are very important, but they don't really talk about 'em.


When people do readings, they don't use them.


So for instance, um, I've talked about this before, but Disor ship is basically a planetary ruler, and then it, it travels, right?


So the, for the here we'll use her. Uh, let's not use that.


Let's use this. Nope, that's already, see, this would be a closed loop in dis sponsorship.


The sixth house rulers in the sixth house, boom, we're done.


The ruler of the sixth house is only Neptune.


There's nothing else to it.


And that's, that's very limiting when you're talking about dis sponsorship.


And that's a traditional astrology technique.


And then if you go into like the seventh house, you'd be the seventh house ruler's, Mars.


Mars is sitting over here in the first house.


The first house ruler is sitting up here, this house ruler is here.


And then you get into mutual reception between these two, right?


Mercury is here, Venus is up here, and then you end up in a closed loop here.


We started on the seventh house, but now we're just focusing on the first and second house, and the sec and the seventh house is just kind of forgotten.


Another problem with dis sponsorship.


So I took that whole thing and created layering out of it, and I said, no, we've gotta go from step by step.


We need to understand the entire thing within layering is house condition and a sponsorship.


So basically, I'm gonna use my daughter's chart here, uh, to prove this and just kind of talk this out.


So a delegate is what is a delegate?


It's a representative, right?


So a delegate in Alchemistic astrology is the representative of whatever energy is being expressed through that planet.


So in this, in the case of this chart as a Libra rising, we're gonna talk about, uh, Libra being ruled by Venus right now.


I'm gonna forget Taurus for a minute, okay?


We're just gonna, just for the sake of explaining this easier, we're gonna forget about Taurus.


We're only gonna talk about Libra. So Libras ruler is Venus.


Now, you know that Venus has to do with value, self-worth, money, possessions, planet, earth, resources, all of these things.


However, when you're looking at it, it is linked directly to other things in the chart.


Because Venus is not, Venus is a ruler.


And by the bidirectionality of Rulerships, we know that because Venus and wherever it sits in this case in the 12th house, we're gonna ignore mean Lilith.


We're just gonna talk about Venus.


Venus in the 12th house is the ruler of the first house, and technically the eighth in this one.


But we're, again, we're gonna ignore Tars for a minute.


So when we're talking about Venus, yes, it is money.


Yes, it is value, yes, it's resources, yes, it's all of those things.


It's your ski, your, it's your talents.


But because Venus sits here, it is also the delegate, the representative of the entire house, condition of Libra.


So basically what happens is we know that ven, that Venus rules Libra.


We know that Venus also represents relationships.


It also represents legal matters.


It also represents hormones and balancing and things of that nature.


But in this person's chart, specifically because they are a Libra rising, it also represents Aries energy.


And this is where the dual wheel comes back in the assertive Aries energy is, uh, expressed through Libra themes, and therefore up in the 12th house.


And this becomes the energetic expression of Venus.


It is tainted, not, not in a bad way, in a positive way, it is mixed through color theory, basically with Aries energy.


So her venous placement is more aggressive, so to speak, off the top, it's in the 12th house.


So we have to add that later.


When you're reading it step by step, it is much more assertive.


Venus literally rules her, it's her chart ruler.


It rules Aries energy for her expressed through Venus.


Does that make sense? Does everyone so far? Wow.


Okay. So now we have that energy that flows in.


So whenever I'm talking about Venus here, I'm reading the chart, reading the chart.


Venus doesn't just mean relationships, it means the person's action, their motivation.


Remember, the first house is where the ascendant sits.


So the ascendant, which is derived off of the ecliptic and fueled by the sun, because the sun, the ecliptic is the son's relationship to the earth.


It is giving purpose to action, which is what we would call motivation, purpose to action motivation.


Hers is through Venus.


So we know that Venus represents through its relationships how she, uh, you know, interacts with other people.


Uh, her sense of value, kind of how we talk about Taurus rising would be somebody who takes action based on value.


So would Libra rising because the ruler represents Ari's energy.


It's just that it's going through Libras energy first instead of Taurus's energy.


So Taurus's energy in terms of value for this person is gonna come off the eighth house, but it's the same ruler.


So it's still valued, but how's the value?


Bidirectionality Ships says, go find Taurus and it's gonna be everything here, I'll come back to that.


So her actions, her way she asserts herself is through Libra.


And that's that, that's, that's what delegates are in your own chart.


You can look at this for each house, every single position you have planetary rulers, you have house rulers, which are the same.


It's just you're talking about something very specific.


So for instance, when we talk about Mars in this person's chart, because Mars is in the first house, you would think, oh, this person's super assertive.


This person's going to go do what they want to do.


However, Mars is the ruler of Chiron in this person's chart as a planetary ruler, as a position ruler, a placement ruler.


So therefore, there's going to be insecurity when it comes to doing the things that they want to do as it pertains to doing it with others or feeling like others need to be there in order to do it.


Okay? Now, so that's the delegate in your second house.


I'll come back to, to this again.


But in the second house, Pluto, for a Libra rising, Pluto represents your own money because it is the delegate of your second house.


Pluto is the ruler, we understand that.


But wherever we see Pluto in the chart, and hers is fourth house here, it actually represents her own money, her own value.


So her own money has to do with, you know, finding a way to let go of things, uh, or finding control.


Finding what control means in, in terms of accumulating her own, which is gonna come from other sources.


And a lot of it's gonna go through her mother things that are very personal, her own sense of safety and security within the type of work she does or doesn't want to do in terms of routine and finding what routine is going to be good for her.


In, in the case of my daughter here, when it comes to food and her obsession with food, she always has to go to her mother when my, when Ashley's cooking to see what she's doing, because she can't, she can't see it, she can't be a part of it.


So she holds onto Ashley's leg and to, and cries a little bit, or complains in in her baby voice until Ashley picks her up so that she can look into the pot and see what she's stirring and see all the ingredients.


So Ashley holds the baby in one arm and cooks with the other one because that baby wants to see everything.


When it comes to the daily routine, when it comes to her mother and domestication, that's all based off of her own perception of value of the things that are gonna be important to her.


So that's how it plays out.


But for you, your second house ruler is represented by, or the delegate is the ruler.


So for me, I'll come back to her chart in a second, but for me, boop, and this is where when we start talking about making money, when we talk about our own sense of self-worth and value, and how you view these things, and how you have possessions in which your take on possessions are, and how to align with that in a better way.


I'm a Leo rising. So my money is represented by Mercury.


And as a Leo rising, it's also my 11th house.


So money comes and goes, it's up and down, it fluctuates.


It comes from multiple sources.


Mine's retrograde, and that's a whole other thing we're talked about In, in another webinar, my chart ruler is in the same house.


And this is where we start talking about house condition.


Because the first thing that we look at when we're talking about things like money is we say, okay, money, money is, uh, is, first off, it's Taurus, Taurus Energy.


And we know one of those things is finance and money, but for me it goes through Virgo.


What does that mean? Efficiency, criticism, details, work routine, all of those things.


It doesn't mean that those are the definitive things that make money.


It means that those are the themes that's gonna play through.


How is it gonna play through?


Okay, well, we take the house condition now, right now we're going to ignore asteroids.


We're only gonna go on planet.


So for all intents and purposes for this webinar, this is an empty house, okay?


So I don't have anything in terms of rulership to look at.


So nothing is coming in to my money house for me to have to, um, carry forward.


But the delegate Mercury is sitting up here in the 11th house.


So therefore, I know that anything that has to do with money has to go into how, um, friendships, community teams, uh, technology, all those things, uh, are expressed.


Uh, anything that is random and any type of money that comes and goes or has a randomness to it.


And I'll tell you how.


And, uh, because it's retrograde, it has to come back in, has to come to me.


So I'll tell you, I sold cell phones on a commission basis.


I sold Cutco knives on a commission basis.


I went door to door canvassing for, uh, a real estate company, making commission for each one that I sold.


I've always worked commission based jobs.


I've never worked a solo solely hourly job in my life, except for when I was very young.


I kept going to, like, I worked for Sears for one day.


I worked for Burger King for not even a day.


I worked for Wendy's for three weeks.


I worked for other things and I didn't. Why didn't I last?


Why didn't I make it?


I didn't make it because all of those jobs were out of alignment for how I'm supposed to make money.


No job that was hourly lasted for me.


The jobs I held the longest were all commission jobs, every single one of them.


And the entire summer here, an entire season here, a year here, three years here, that was how it worked for me, because this energy, but also my chart ruler.


So my Aries energy is expressed through the sun.


The sun in my chart as a Leo, rising every Leo, rising the sun in your Leo rising chart is Aries energy.


You do things for purpose.


You have to have purpose behind everything that you do.


There has to be some sort of drama and adventure, um, or not adventure, that's, that's more of a Sagittarius word, but drama and like, uh, recreation behind it.


It has to be fun. It has to be something you just feel like you want to do because you're, you feel like there's a point in doing it, but also it's, you're not taking it too seriously.


That's a Leo rising thing.


And then for me, both of them are in the same house.


And this is where house condition comes in.


House condition says the sum of everything in the house, everything that's in the house creates a house condition.


Uh, Misha says, it's hard for me to wrap my mind around it not being, not being a bad thing that my son and Mercury in the 12th house as a Leo rising, I know it's a matter of unlearning.


Yes, yes, unlearning.


Because you know, when you, before you come here, the eighth house and the 12th house specifically are always bad houses.


Like, there's, there's never anything positive.


They always just have all these negative things to say about these two houses.


Why? Because it comes from either traditional astrology or it comes from, you know, just pop culture astrology that they, and here's the irony.


I've mentioned this before, but the eighth house rule secrecy, the 12th house rules the unknown.


So when you put 'em together, people legitimately don't understand the eighth or the 12th house because it's either a secret or just something that they don't know.


And that's why those two houses specifically are the ones that are the worst off.


But yeah, the, there's nothing wrong with the 12th house.


Um, Eminem and Elvis Presley, you know, they're obviously, they're musicians.


The 12th house plays out that way, but both of they, both of them have their chart ruler in the 12th house.


And, um, clearly that worked for them.


So, you know, we have to change our, our look and, and it's kinda like the empty house thing.


If you pull, do I still have it here?


I'll, I'll do it this way, Ben.


Where else going on? There it is, uh, Denzel, oh my God.


D danzel washing ton natal chart astro.com.


So, you know, here's, here's Denzel.


Oh man, empty seventh house.


Guess he's not getting married, except he's been married to the same woman for over 40 years and has, I think four kids and has a pretty strong relationship.


Oh, and that chart ruler's in Pisces, apparently in pop culture, astrology, that's bad too.


You know, um, it comes down to a generalized understanding, uh, of whether something is good or bad or whatever.


You can see Kyron sitting here in his, uh, in his fourth house, and that leads into his second house.


There's definitely self-worth issues that are surrounding his family and his relationship with his mother.


And his mother is definitely a weakness for him.


But those are things that you can infer from the chart.


These are things that no one's gonna know, because Denzel is a very private person.


He expresses what he wants to express, and that's what you get out of it.


But it's important to understand what the energies truly are, why he's an actor.


You know, you have all of this energy up here.


Um, you know, you, you don't, do you, the question is, do you see the rebellious side of him?


I do. I've, I've seen his interviews where he talks about how he won't do certain roles because he doesn't want to, and he does other roles because he wants to, and he won't do certain ones that don't paint him the way that he wants to be painted and whatnot.


And that's that ruler going to the fifth house.


There's an ego. Ego is strong. Ego is good.


Over inflation of ego is not good, but ego is good.


I hope all of you start embracing your ego.


If you've had that feeling, that ego's a bad thing.


You need that. That's, that's literally the sun.


It's the thing that makes you, you and gives you purpose.


But these types of things, me nothingness.


So if I go back to, um, nope, that's Ava's chart, we can always come back to that too.


But if I come back to this zoom thing, okay, so if we come back to my chart, so we have delegates, I think delegates is pretty easy upfront.


You have a delegate for, for a placement.


So for instance, uh, this one is, was challenging for me when I was learning, is that I have Chiron in the 10th house.


It is in TAUs. TAUs is rulers in the 10th house as well.


That was super confusing.


And I think that's really confusing for a lot of people is when you're talking about a house and then it's house rulers back in the same house.


I will save that for another webinar so that I have more stuff to talk about later.


But, um, what ends up happening is, is two main things.


One is the ruler of Chiron.


The delegate for Chiron is within the same energy as Chiron.


Um, and then the second thing is house condition.


So I'm gonna use one that is not, I might use your charts as well.


I'll use this for right now.


Okay, so this is my third house.


We've talked a little bit about my third house.


I come across very brash, very blunt, very like this is the thing.


Um, very straightforward.


Some people can see me as angry and whatnot, but I always have, I'm always looking to, you know, deliver something with integrity and honesty.


And there's definitely intensity there, right?


We see all of this in my third house.


Here's the deal, ignoring Taurus for a minute.


Venus is sitting up here and Venus rules Libra.


Venus is as the ruler of Libra is in the 10th house.


We're gonna ignore Kyron for a second and ignore the midheaven for a second.


So here it is. Venus rules Libra, cool.


Venus rules Mars as well, right?


But house condition means everything that's happening in that chart.


And then its ruler acting as a delegate for that chart, right?


So we're talking about polys, we're talking about the conjunction of Mars.


We're talking about separately. 'cause this is a salinium and not a seum.


These energies inter they act, and in they do not interact with each other within the orbit of influence.


So they act independently.


So you have Mars, you have Saturn, and you have Pluto.


All of these are playing first off in order in this chart.


So when it comes to my mind, my communication, my thinking, I will react and say what I want first, then I will think about it and make sure that it's practical and have to rework it sometimes.


And then I will either dismiss it or I will hold onto it very dearly.


That is the order of how it works in my chart.


When you look at your chart, you'll do the same thing.


When you have multiple planets in a sign, this happens first, then this, then this always, it's also activated in that order for transits.


So we have all of this happening.


So within my brain, within my communication, within my mindset, within siblings, anything that's third house related, Mars is there.


Saturn is there, and Pluto is there.


Before we even get to Libra, we need to know what that means.


This is where the bidirectionality of rulerships comes in.


What does Mars rule? What does Saturn rule?


What does Pluto rule when we break these down?


Sa uh, Mars rules my ninth house. It rules Aries, right?


So as the delegate for the ninth house, the ruler of the ninth house, and everything that is in the ninth house, again, we're gonna ignore asteroids.


There's nothing here. We're just gonna say it's an empty house.


So we know that ninth house matters. Go into my third house.


So I communicate excessively.


And if you've followed me along enough, I have too many words in most of my sentences, you know, I just, I have a hard time truncating things.


I say things to the point, but then I elaborate and elaborate and elaborate, and I can't help it.


And it's something I've been working on, but it's there.


So there's that.


Um, but we know that my communication and my directness is sometimes theatrical, but usually on some philosophical level, I'm trying to help people.


Philosophically, I'm using my opinion, my belief into my fact, my statement and my identity.


On top of that, Saturn, which rules Capricorn, is my south node, my default programming as it pertains to criticism and being critical.


And we're gonna ignore these right here.


We're just gonna talk about this and, uh, just work in general.


It's ruler over here in retrograde, finding work, finding the criticism, diving deeper into these things.


And usually what I'll say is I'll say something and then I'll criticize something else.


When I jump on TikTok and I make a video, and I'm like, they said this and it's wrong.


Here's why. That is that energy.


And then on top of that, here's Pluto, which is, you know, in retrograde.


But it is the, um, and remember in the sixth house, there were no, uh, we're, we're treating this like an empty house as well.


No other planets to consider The fourth house though.


Fourth is, um, the Pluto is the ruler of the fourth house.


So anything emotional, anything has to do with family, anything that has to do with just how I feel.


Things very core.


And deep down, especially with the IC there pushes that energy into the third house.


So, I mean, these things, when I say them, they're very close to my chest.


I only talk about things that I think matter.


That's what that means. And Pluto means I will dive deep, deep research it, and I will hold very strongly to the things that I say based off of how I feel about things.


So in my chart, you see that my opinions and how I feel about things and my level of criticism all go together in a certain order.


And that creates a condition within the third house.


All of those things together create an energy that is, uh, plays out through Libra.


And then Libra Rule by Venus, its ruler up here in the 10th house.


Again, we're gonna ignore. Taurus means everything that's Martian, uh, Cian and Plutonian, all of it is being represented as a delegate by Venus up in the 10th house.


And when you're reading these charts, you have to include all of that.


Venus doesn't just rule Mars.


In my case, Venus rules Mars, Saturn, and Pluto as planets, all creating a certain type of energy that my third house has.


So when you read it, you'll usually read it backwards.


You usually say, okay, Venus is up here again, we're ignoring Taurus.


Venus is in your 10th house.


So your third house ruler, how you think and communicate is going to be expressed within your, uh, reputation.


You'll talk about things that are, um, that, that you feel have a, um, a sense of accomplishment, achievement, success, things of that nature.


All your mentality or mindset is fed into this feeling of goals and having to achieve certain things.


And all of that is based on how you feel about things, your criticism of things, and diving deeper into those things.


And the ninth house energy, you know, either telling a story or, um, talking about experiences and using experiences to be able to talk about something.


Misha just had a light bulb movement. I love that. Okay?


Now, because we talked about that, when you're reading a chart, I have to say, okay, remember we talked about the Aries house is empty, the Capricorn house is empty, but the Scorpio house, Pluto's ruler Pluto as the ruler is not empty.


So where do these feelings come from?


They come from childhood. They come from my children.


They come from a sense of purpose that is expressed through, uh, adventure, that is expressed through storytelling, philosophy, some thinking bigger.


That's what I hold dearly, the experiences I hold dearly that then travel into here that merge with the rest of this energy.


Well, what type of experiences do I have?


You know, what type of higher education, what type of purpose?


What type of childhood? Well, erratic and elusive.


Those are two words that I would use in my childhood, in my father.


Obviously we haven't talked about any aspects yet, but we're talking about the rulerships right now.


Well, what do you mean erratic?


Well, based off of my interaction with other people, especially my mother, that created a foundation where I felt like I had to be rebellious.


I didn't have, you know, it's Uranus in retrograde.


I didn't have support and structure. It was gone.


It was erratic, and it was outta my control.


So you, that's how you do it. You work everything backwards.


When you're reading a chart, most people try to read a chart forward, and that's why you get hung up.


The bidirectionality of rulerships.


When I taught that in the foundation's masterclass in the legacy one was, it was step one is to understand that each one of these planets came from somewhere.


All we most astrology will say, oh, you have your moon in Aquarius.


And if they use rulership, most do, but some don't.


The rulers down here, what does that mean?


Well, it doesn't matter what that means because you don't know what the moon meant.


The moon over here for me is my 12th house ruler.


And every Leo rising is a 12th house.


Every Leo rising has a Pisces moon.


Every one of y'all has a Pisces moon that is expressed for me in Libra through the lens of Aquarius.


But it's all Pisces that goes through cancer and it's ruler.


And mine has the north node there, which means I have a hard time with, uh, you know, accepting someone as a mother or maternal things or nurturing or anything like that.


It's always been dismissed and I've had no, no chance of family for most of my life.


And then Sharon says, Neptune is also in the Leo Decken double down on the father theme.


Exactly, a hundred percent.


And this is where deens are very important as well.


Deens mean we have to, we have to take into consideration that when it comes through the fifth house element themes, um, not element themes when it comes through the, the fifth House themes and the Sagittarian themes.


What part of Sagittarius are we talking about?


Are we talking about directly like doubling down on culture, doubling down on, you know, philosophy, uh, travel, you know, extended family, things of that nature?


Or is it something a bit more direct?


Is it more something assertive, more masculine, more competitive, or is it something that has to do with father personality, uh, ego, things of that nature?


For me, it's there, plus it, it opposes my son.


And that's in the uranium decken.


See, it could be, you could have it here and you could have the other one move down.


You could have Neptune move down here and you could be crossing Deens.


For me, it's the third decken for, oops, for me it's the third decken for both.


But now we're, you're el you're adding all of these layers and elements and you don't wanna get overwhelmed and you don't wanna get bogged down, but you want to start looking at your own chart and the charts of the people that you know and start looking at each house differently.


Because each one has a delegate.


We say ruler all the time, and ruler's not the wrong word.


I use it as well. Ruler's very important. Where's the ruler?


Where's the ruler? But the ruler is a delegate.


Is house conditions subject to, to planets on the cusp. Yes.


However you're going to read.


Um, do I have any that are that close? No, but Isla does.


So my middle child has her mercury at 29 57.


And I've talked about this when, um, when she was first born that had she been born a couple of minutes earlier, or not even that she would've been a very different person.


If she was born a little bit later, she would've been a very different person.


So she, like, she came when she was supposed to come.


We are born when we're supposed to be born.


It's just a matter of was it documented? Right?


And for me, yes, because when she came out and I was filming it, I hit that screen capture and then I had the metadata for that to know exactly when she like started crowning.


So I took that, uh, Carly says, okay, with my moon and the Leo decken there in the sa in s uh, as well makes a whole lot of sense.


I mean, damn. So when we're talking about crossing, Misha asked right here, this house condition.


Um, we talked about rulers, but it also includes, and this is where you have to break it down, take a little extra time.


It includes all the aspects as well, because Mercury, uh, let, let's, let's start with the sun or Saturn rather.


Saturn for my daughter is at 9 59.


So clearly didn't want to be in the mercury deck and wanted to be here in the Uranian deck in 9 59, right?


We know attorney and themes, we know that it's the ruler of the sixth house Pluto's there, which means we're coming off of the fourth house.


That's an empty house. So we don't have to trace back further than the fourth house for right now.


Pluto has a situation, Pluto's situation is that it squares off with the moon.


It's also, uh, sextile, this uhum that's sitting here, and that is semis sex tile to the moon.


So before I even get to Saturn, through the bidirectionality of Ruleish, of going backward, I have to understand this Pluto thing.


I understand that Pluto is the, is the ruler and therefore the delegate of the entire fourth house in this case.


I don't have to call it the delegate, it's just the ruler because there's nothing else going on here that at this point with the asteroids that I use and whatnot.


There's nothing else to really talk about.


It's rulers in the sixth house.


What I have to understand is when Pluto's ruler is sitting here, Saturn, what am I bringing into this house, right?


So I'm going to a party and it's at the neighbor's house down there.


You come to my house, I have a note on the door that says I'm over at Tammy's, right?


But what am I bringing to Tammy's?


I I I'm bringing a paintball gun that's a little bit different than bringing meatloaf or a cake, right?


So what am I bringing into this house?


Well, I'm bringing in a conflict between, and this, this is where it gets fun.


I have to talk about this on another one.


'cause my daughter's chart's crazy.


The fourth house ruler, which represents the mother in the family that squares off with moon that represents the mother in the family.


So how do you break that down?


And that would be the question that I'm gonna say for another webinar.


But that's important.


But I will give you a hint real quick that when it comes to the themes of this fourth house that represents the mother and the family, it has to do with the obsession.


It has to do with the shared resources, it has to do with, uh, anything that feels toxic or, you know, secrets and things of that nature that have to do with work.


Or just the fact that Ashley, which is her mother, you know, works doing, uh, herbalism.


'cause it brings that in there. But also the occult Pluto, she does occult work and she's very obsessive over her work.


But it squares off with the moon that's up in Aries with its ruler in the north node.


And for those of you, at this point, if you're watching this five years in the future, this might not apply, you know, as a replay.


But as of right now, Ashley's still trying to figure this out.


She's got an amazing wealth of knowledge.


She does amazing things with tarot and herbalism and spirituality and rituals and recipes and being a mother and all that kind of stuff.


But she hasn't really determined, um, you know, whether or not she feels like she's good enough to teach it, to talk about it more.


That's something that I have to encourage her to do.


Oh, look at that. The sun semis tile, Venus, I mean the moon.


I can't read the sun semis, sex tile, the moon father, mother, I have to feed into what the mother wants.


I can't tell her what to do. She's her own person.


And often I don't understand what she teaches.


I don't, right here, very vocal.


I don't know what she teaches.


When people ask me, oh, well, is ashwagandha good for this?


I'm like, that's not my department.


That's way above my pay grade.


You gotta go to my wife for that. So that's this.


But she doesn't feel that she's smart enough or has enough data, uh, data information that's always been her issue.


And you guys know how good she is at what she does, but she always feels like there's more, there's more science, there's more knowledge.


I don't know if I can Chiron, I don't know if I can teach other herbalists are master herbalists.


They do this, they do that. Well look at, at that boom semis sex style to Uranus, which is the, the not having the, the title.


And then I say, you don't need it.


That ruler conjunct the sun over here, Neptune, you don't need the title.


That's literally what I tell what Ashley, we're not even looking at my chart.


We're not looking at Ashley's chart.


It's in her daughter's chart that we're looking at.


Isn't that crazy? But my point being is when we get, by the time we get to, that's so crazy.


When we, by the time we get to Saturn, we have to understand not all of that because that's all very personal, whatever.


But we have to understand that there is a square going from Pluto to the moon.


And the moon has Chiron there.


And this is where your working house condition in multiple ways because Pluto's practically alone, it's squaring off with something where the Midheaven and Chiron are both sitting there.


So whenever we talk about the moon, within my, within Islas chart, within my daughter's chart, we have to understand her weakness for her mother.


We have to understand, uh, how her insecurities have to do with like her doing her own life.


Especially when it comes to making friends feeling like she's smart enough to do things, which are all coming off of the mother's conditioning.


Subconscious moon subconscious.


Most of the things that we learn in life subconsciously have to do with the mother.


'cause they, they ruled the same thing.


Your subconscious programming comes from your female family members.


So when you're pulling all the, now if it's sitting in like, like this one is conjunct, is semis, sexed out the son, it's also pulling in the father.


So hers is not just the mother.


And if it's in the fifth house, sometimes it feels more the father through an absence of the mother.


It could be. And then, yeah, so I'm not gonna dive further into that.


The other thing I wanted to say is once you get to here and you understand the, the relationship with all of this and how it relates into Aquarius, by the time we get to its ruler Saturn.


Saturn also squares Uranus.


So Saturn, Saturn squaring Uranus, which is its own ruler.


We have to figure out what that means.


Jupiter, which is Sagittarians ruler south node, okay?


The south node is part of the seventh house, right through the delegate, through the ruler.


And then Mercury sits up here as well, which is gonna bring in, um, this north node energy separately after 'cause of the order.


And it's gonna bring in value, self-worth and how she would make money when she's older with Vesta and retrograde, which is difficulty devoting to something and having to reassess that a lot.


The question was, what about this house?


That's what happens. Remember 28 and a half degrees to one and a half degrees on this cusp area.


The fusion cusp area means that all of this is gonna be factored into this, but it's also going to blend into this house condition through Mercury.


Is anybody overwhelmed and confused yet?


I've gone very deep into this because, go ahead.


Oh yeah, it's totally overwhelmed and confused. Okay.


That's why we're on a webinar. It's not, it's not just a go in your own class.


So what we're gonna do is we're going to, uh, I don't wanna go into the blending yet because people are already confused.


So I want to go back.


Jupiter is in retrograde, so it's very easy to get overwhelmed by something that you haven't grasped yet.


So what we wanna do is use that energy to pause for a second and we want to go back and we want to, um, one at a time for whoever has a question, where did you get lost?


And let's explain that again all the way at the beginning.


I can do that. Does anybody have a specific place where they got lost?


Can I ask a question? Yeah.


Um, so Cedar Way, uh, this might not be even related to this, it's just a question that came up in my head.


Cedar Way, Saturn is 9 59.


Is Deacons more of a like point in time? Deens? Sorry, I I was doing this to not correct you.


I'm getting used to saying Deens. Okay.


So Deens is more of a point in time.


So you wouldn't pull in the decken energy of the next decken because that's on the cusp.


Deens have to do with the grand shrine that forms an element.


Um, and that's why it's, it's in the order that it's in, it goes from here to the next one, to the next one completes a loop and it kind of spins. But The, the orb of influence of Saturn wouldn't bring in the next decade. Uh, Technically it would. Technically It would. Okay.


But we don't read it that way for now.


Okay. Um, because it becomes very confusing at that point.


Um, okay, so usually I'm pretty specific, uh, about the Deens.


I just say it's in the Uranian deck and every once in a while I'll be like, it's leaning into, you know, the, the mercury deck in here.


But I think that becomes too convoluted right now.


And I'm not a a hundred percent on that anyway, because deens are not, deens are an influence of an energy as opposed to like the physical energy that we've listed.


So we have to kind of go back and like prove or disprove that Mm-Hmm.


Because if you have the sun, the sun at 25, like you'd be reaching into this decken and this Yeah, that's what I was thinking.


Yeah. And if it was sitting, yeah, it, it'll never reach beyond that.


But you bringing in three decks, which could be a hundred percent, but I haven't tested it enough to teach it like that.


So I just stay very specific right now. Okay.


In the future I might be like, Hey, I've tested this out, now we're using this and we're just adding detail.


But until I've proven that, um, I don't want to teach it like that.


Okay, thank you. And I have to keep reminding myself that that post that you did deck and reckon and that's how you do it.


Yeah, I heard a bunch of people keep saying deacons.


I'm like, DECA means 10.


Yeah. It's, uh, it's named that 'cause the 10 degrees, not because of a position in the church or whatever.


Uh, Misha says, I get tripped up when I try to figure out the ultimate driver.


Maybe the, the driver changes dependent on the transiting plan is the ultimate driver, I'm assuming.


So that, that's a, a theory that comes from, uh, traditional astrology is that there's a hierarchy to energy.


There is not, there's no hierarchy to the energy, there's no energy that is more influential or higher ranking or stronger than another.


And they, they do that because they're trying.


Like that's just like, I, like I said in the podcast when I talked about traditional astrology, it, it's a sign of the times of a classist or caste system and everything in their life had to be ranked.


And we do that still.


People are still labeling each other trying to outdo everybody else.


Like even, even on a negative notion where people keep saying, well, I'm more miserable in my life than you are.


Like, I gotta rank myself as like I have a worse life than you kind of thing.


But no, there's a, there's a theory in alchemistic astrology called the with versus while theory.


And essentially, uh, let me go to mine. That's mine.


If I turn on the transits for right now, um, lemme see if I can do this real quick.


So Jupiter is definitely influencing my son, right?


Jupiter, this is not today, it doesn't matter.


Jupiter's retrograde now.


But Jupiter's influencing my son on whatever day this was.


And meanwhile, uh, it's at, it's impacting Mercury out in the stars and Mercury is down here, which is over my Pluto placement, uh, conjunct, you know, Juno, whatever.


Something that is not a part of any of this would be, lemme just double check.


Yeah, for the most part. And there might be a try, but ignore that.


Let's pretend that this Pluto transit is not at all in any way affecting that.


That doesn't mean that Pluto is not also impacting me at the same time it is.


Pluto is still there, still got it energy still doing the thing.


It's just not a part of this energy when I'm trying to figure out how this is affecting me.


But at the same time, so what you do is you read, you know, while you're figuring out, oh, you got a bunch of stuff going over your third house and it's highlighting, you know, mindset and mentality and your work and criticisms and going back and restructuring something, maybe rebuilding something, making it better with the Uranian deck in here, working with a partner, writing a book, anything that's Libra oriented, right?


All those things are happening right now.


Going back literally making my book better.


It's called I Fixed Astrology and I'm rewriting it.


I'm also going back into comic books and stuff.


Astrology doesn't lie.


But at the same time, Mars is going over my north node, which means I gotta step outta my comfort zone into the media, into the, um, into how I, because it's rulers in the, um, the seventh house, how my wife and you guys heard me say this the other day, if you were part of that, how my wife is is, is impacting my decisions and how I need to change certain things.


And I was like, I don't wanna write it like that, but I have to step outta my comfort zone because Mars is over my north note.


Her input is right, my input is wrong because that's happening at the same time.


And I feel insecure about it because Mars has these going on.


Oops. North node and Chiron in retrograde.


So I feel very insecure about that 'cause I feel like she's judging me.


Am I writing? And Saturn by the way that's being activated is my sixth house ruler.


So there's shining a light on this.


So it's, it has to be all read together.


And a lot of people, when they read charts, they only look at the one thing and we trace the ruler, we trace the ruler, like there's the whole answer.


It's like, no, that was like you had this long math equation and you just said two plus three, that's five.


The answer's five. Or you read the first chapter of a book and you're like, oh, I know what the whole book's about.


Like that was the intro.


We haven't introduced the main character yet.


We just set the backdrop.


So when you're reading the width versus while is very important.


And now you're talking about my family, not my kids, but my sisters.


That's interesting. It sounds like a stallion.


That's the thing. When you break it down, you have to break thi multiple things down.


And look, the, the more you get into this, the more you will be able to, um, read things much faster because it'll just become a second language.


If you, if I ask my kid to read a book, like we're reading kids' books and she's like one word at a time, not all the words are right, but my wife is over here reading like scholastic novels and just buzzing right through 'em.


It's not, it's not because, I mean my wife's very smart, but my kids are very smart.


It's just the level of my kids just started reading, my wife's been reading and she does it all the time.


You guys can get to the fast part.


I, but if you think that you have to do this quick from the get go, you guys are learning, then you're gonna get as much detail as you can to give to somebody to help them.


Whether that's helping yourself, helping a family member or doing this professionally.


You don't wanna overwhelm yourself into thinking.


You have to give them all the answers all the time.


And it might be smart when you start a practice that you omit certain things.


You say, I'm not gonna do this type of reading, this type of reading, this type of reading because it's harder.


I don't do dentistry readings.


I do them now, but no one books 'em because I made 'em expensive 'cause they suck.


'cause I gotta do five chart readings or eight.


If you've moved eight chart readings to do Ry properly and I'll teach you how to do it.


And it's really good when it's right, it's accurate, but it takes a lot of work.


'cause you have to be like, oh where's that transit in your chart?


What's that transit going on in your chart?


Where did you move from? Oh, now we need to do relocated Ry, I need your natal progressed and relocated.


I need your na progressed and relocated.


Now I need a ry and a relocated ry as your eight charts.


And then if I want to go beyond it composite, you're very interested in that.


It's great. 'cause when, like I said, once it's right, it's right.


But it's a lot of work if you wanna do it for yourself.


The reason I'll be teaching it and if you wanna do it for customers you can.


But like Ry reading should be like two grand there, there, it's a lot of work.


I'll stick with Natal for now. It's a lot of work.


You have to know all the details.


And people will be sitting there like pulling up natal charts or Ry charts and they'll be like, um, where's Ash?


They're like, ah, Venus conjunct, moon conjunct Venus, your feelings and her uh, her feelings and your value match.


What? That's not Ry what about all the rules?


What about the rest of how you read astrology?


Where's the rulers? What else is going on?


If you tr if you chase hers, then what ends up happening is look at this.


I'll just show you briefly.


I know this is not a sinister webinar, but her moon is conjunct my Venus and there is that direct impact.


And Ry is not a together, it's like transits.


She influences my value based off of her emotions.


They don't work together.


We're not one person, it's not working within the same ecosystem.


Her ecosystem is pushing on my ecosystem.


My ecosystem pushes back. That is what sinister is.


So the moon without bidirectionality of rule of s**t, we're both Leo rising.


So her moon is her 12th house ruler.


So her sensitive ass emotions that she pushes up through her sense of authority in her natal chart.


And this is why you, you wanna look at the natal chart separately.


If you're, if you get to the point where you can read it within, then cool.


But it to me, I need a separate chart 'cause it just avoids confusion.


Confusion. But she already has a conflict with her mean Lilith, her Mars and her Venus conjunct in the St.


Seum here with a semis sexed out to the moon.


So she already has that going on in her own life, which means it is because this is conjunct and the orbs of influence do line up that her Mars mean Lilith and Venus are semis exile mine while her moon from her Pisces energy is impacting my Venus.


That's just one part of it.


And then her ruler, that is her ruler as well.


So her moon's ruler is in a semis sex tile with my Venus.


So she emotionally through, you know, spiritual means through uh, inspiration, through psychic gifts, through creativity, her what she feels would be good for the long term that has value is already when she dwells on that is, is directly impacting into my sense of value, however it sits in my chart through house conditions and delegates.


But she doesn't always trust that she's had a hard time with that her whole life and then, and that that that's something that is serious.


She can do it for other people. She has a hard time within our relationship sometimes delivering that information and then that inform that, uh, that ruler is also semis sexal my Venus.


So it has to align with me.


So it's interesting be, and my Venus is my third house ruler.


So she has to align her intuition and her sense of emotional authority with the words that I say and my mindset and my mentality, while also influencing me to become better 10th house better.


You, you see how Ry is very challenging. Yeah, exactly.


Is it making sense, Anita, did you just get something or are you, or is that a migraine? It Is, that's also a migraine buddy.


But, but anyway, and then you have to do it for the next planet and the next planet.


And then conversely, because she impacts me, I impact her Ry when it's done properly is hyper accurate because it's the relationship of energies, but it's never done right.


And people get so mad when I say that, but I'm like, did you pull up eight charts?


Did you read it with rulership?


No, you just went to this and you said, oh that's good.


This is, this is extremely challenging in our chart because she's gotta be able to, my values and my words, my words that you know, are direct and come from me really feeling a certain way and critic and critical while are tempered a little bit with venus's energy impact her emotional security and stability, which is already in conflict with her Mars placement and her own sense of beliefs.


So I can say things that make her challenge her own beliefs, but, and whether or not she's good at what she does, which means in order for this conjunction to work properly, I have to support her while and make sure that any criticisms are done in a way that I'm not hitting her hyperly sensitive, emotional, um, energies.


Especially when it comes to authority and her value in it.


But everybody would read this as, oh, that's good.


So I wanna get into Ry, but before I can get to that, you guys gotta know all this other stuff because you can see how complicated Ry gets.


Everybody's like, just teach me Ry.


Like I can't, you'll be so lost.


So, uh, let's come back to this real quick.


When it comes to delegates, does anybody have a question about delegates?


I think no questions Rewatch or anything now because we kind of went on a tangent.


Can you quickly explain it again?


Like if you were to summarize it in like a couple of sentences, what would you say A delegate is?


A delegate is a delegate is the energy, uh, is the rulership energy that, uh, works together with the natural energy of the planet.


So Venus, natural energy of the planet is finance, money, uh, self-worth, value, possessions, all that stuff.


But because it is it this chart, the third house ruler, it is the delegate, the representative of all mindset, all communication as well.


So when I see Venus in this chart, I know that it's not just money, value, whatever it is.


Also mindset, communication, siblings, this Venus placement represents my siblings, so does this Mercury, so does the third house because we've been taught that astrology is one thing that Mars is how we do things.


That the seventh house is relationships that Pluto is, you know, finance in terms of like, you know, getting a loan or whatever.


But that's not true. You're an amalgam of all types of energies and these are called related energies as well.


This Venus being in the 10th house, being the delegate of the third house means it's a related energy.


When I'm looking at the third house and I'm looking at communication, I also have to look for its ruler and you know, it represents the entire house because the entire house is, you know, the rule, it's the ruler of that sign and that sign en envelops an entire house and everything that's in it house condition just says what are those energies doing?


Is there any afflictions I'm bringing through the third house into the 10th house.


Yes, I'm bringing a harsher speech, I'm bringing a more passionate speech, I'm bringing philosophy and all of that is feeding into reputation.


And because it's Quin Ks back into, you know, the, um, the sixth house ruler and that's in retrograde is I'm open to scrutiny a lot.


Which would you look at first?


The house ruler or the natural house ruler or both?


Because the third house natural ruler is Mercury Naturally. Right, right, right.


But in this scenario it's Venus.


But would you take both into consideration?


Yeah, both or you take both into consideration.


So I would No One over the hitter?


No. Okay.


It's both. Um, you, it's in, when I say astrology as math, this is where you're adding it together.


It's literally a this and this and put a plus sign in between it.


Okay. Okay. So if, sorry No, go ahead.


So if your in this chart, your Venus is everything in third house, what about Venus that is transiting?


Is that Venus also all of that or? Okay.


Okay, got it. Thank you.


No, but let me, that's a good question though because let me show you, uh, where are we there?


We're keep moving that around. Okay.


So, um, we use this as a daily energy.


So these are the transits of, what was this?


Uh, this is, this is the transit for when Jupyter went, or Pluto went direct.


Okay. Uh, so this was the snapshot for that.


This was the Daily energy.


When you're doing a transit report and you're trying to understand something, and um, like I said, the longer you do this, the quicker and easier it to be.


I promise you it gets easier at the beginning is much more difficult.


It gets easier. This, Wait, you need to do all this that you taught us to understand what this, what this Venus is presenting and then put it in your chart.


Oh, damn.


Did we just, did we just have a We're not Needs a moment.


Oh, no. Okay. I'm, I'm sorry.


I'm sorry that I, um, interrupted you.


No, you're okay. Short circuit. I'm sorry.


So, okay, so the Venus in the chart represents oh, oh, oh, oh, damn.


Okay.


So this is a transit chart, right?


This is a transit of the day.


This is the same thing as the green. It's not different.


It's the same thing. It's just I'm getting rid of my chart and seeing how they interact by themselves.


So this and the green energies are exactly the same, assuming it was the same time and date.


Does that make sense?


Yes. Yes. That makes sense.


Okay. So all I'm doing is to better understand this, if I want to like, remove all the confusion in the middle, is sometimes I'll pull up this chart just to look at it real quick.


So basically, here's a good example.


Jupiter is coming over and it's transiting my, my natal, uh, son and Jupiter's currently retrograde.


Again, these, these are from a couple of days ago.


So Jupiter's retrograde, and it is conjunct my son.


Now you just, like in Ry like we just explained before, you could just be like, oh, themes of higher education, college culture, travel, whatever, storytelling, publishing, that's all now going to retrograde and that's impacting my son.


And you could just try and leave it like that, but it would be wrong because, not that it would be completely wrong.


'cause those, those things are absolutely happening.


But how are they happening?


You know, it's not gonna happen to me the same way.


Even the person born on the same, you know, day in a different time, it's not gonna be the same thing for them as it is for me.


It's gonna create different situations.


So for me, what I have to break down is two things.


And this, and this is why everyone's like, get to transits, get to transits.


I'm like, I'm, you guys aren't ready for transits.


'cause I haven't taught everything up to the point.


That's why I'm going back and reteaching all the classes so that you can just study like module by module and get this right.


I you breaking it down rather than shoving it into a two hour webinar.


We talk about five different things is better for you guys, and I want to make sure you get it.


That's, but we'll be doing more of these webinars so that you can keep asking questions and gain the clarity so that you can do this for yourself.


But the, the average person, you know, astrology wise through these books on TikTok will go, Jupiter is transiting the sun.


And they will just leave it like that.


The sun's your ego, the sun's.


But no, the sun is a delegate. It's a ruler.


And in my case, the ascendant is the only thing I have to worry about.


But my daughter has four different planets in the first house.


So if it were transiting her Venus, 'cause she's a Libra rising, I've gotta factor all of that in.


That's the house condition.


All the stuff that's being transited, that's being affected is all of that.


So for me, it's a impacting my, not just my sense of, uh, purpose and vitality and all of that, but also taking action.


My physical body.


There's a reason why I'd gone back to the gym this week.


I'm aligning with these energies.


I went back to the gym not because of just like, this represents recreation.


It represents my physical vessel and me doing things.


I've also set into action, into motion, actually taking action on some things that were just ideas Gemini before.


And I've changed some of these ideas and I'm going back on some old ideas and some old stories and whatnot that were mine that I didn't get to do.


I've already done like nights shadow that about nights Shadow was for me.


You guys get to listen to it.


But I made that for me because I'm like, I need to get back into this.


It is something important to me.


And remember, Leo Rising Sun is the first house ruler.


We do what's important. We do what we feel like there's purpose in just like a tarus rising like Silas, he puts his energy into something that he finds valuable or reliable or even comfortable with his mink blanket or whatever he had on the other day, right?


Those are very important, but that's his physical body as well.


So when it comes to anything that's, that's transiting his Venus placement, not only is it the Libra ruler, but it is his first house, his Aries ruler.


Is it not also your fifth house.


The fifth, I mean, the fifth house does represent all the same solar themes, but in terms of the planet, when we're talking about a transit impacting a planet, we are talking about it impacting, uh, the ruler of the first house in, in this case.


So that's what's important.


But in order to understand what that Jupiter means, sometimes I'll pull this up to just get clarity.


What is Jupiter doing?


Well, it's right now semi sex to Mars, which means I can have a very difficult time selecting the thing that I want to do.


That actually is something that's been happening and making it more personal and making it, you know, putting my, investing my energy into time and my e and my ideas and going back on my ideas as they pertain to the things that were insecure that I can carry forward right there.


That's what that Nice Shadow podcast is all about.


There's insecurity that I have, and I'm going back on it because I didn't complete it.


There's also shame, but that's being influenced through all of this.


Over here on my Libra stuff.


I got a bunch of stuff in my third house, Libra, that's all this.


So this is the question is in the transits, Jupiter retrograde is semis textile at Mars.


It's not the only thing that's going on, but it's doing that.


It's also trying, um, it's also trying up to, to the sun.


This is the other day. It's also trying up to the, the sun in this chart.


And then that semis sexal Venus, which means ju uh, Jupiter is semi or, or God semis, sextile Quin Cox.


It is Quin Kong's Venus.


So you have to understand what those energies mean.


So when Jupiter's impacting my sun, it is automatically that energy is going to be bringing in the venous energy that is transiting my fourth house and it's going to Quin Cox without, it's a natural push in.


But if I focus on Jupiter, it is without Venus something missing that's very close to me.


Something that wasn't no end product.


Does that make sense? So when you're looking at these trends, that's why I do these energy reports for you guys still.


I wasn't sure if I wanted to keep doing them, but when you guys see me do an energy report, I I'm giving you the first half of it.


And then whatever planet that we're talking about, you have to take that planet based off of its position.


And we haven't gotten into this, but vantage this is called vantage.


So for instance, um, let's say in this case it's not.


But let's say, um, let's do, let's do something that is, uh, okay, let's do Venus and Mars in this, uh, in instance, Venus and Mars are trying, Mars is technically trying and Venus, right?


So the question is, when you're looking at transits, is Mars impacting your energy or is Venus impacting your energy?


So when you're looking at your transits, you know, all of this stuff, you look at Venus, is that impacting anything directly?


Let's just stick to Conjunctions for a minute.


Is there anything here? No. How about Mars? Anything here?


Yes. Right. There's one right here.


So therefore I'm going to, from the vantage point of Mars as a transit, I'm going to look at it as Mars is here.


We're only focusing on Mars.


Mars is impacting my north node.


It is pressuring to take action.


It is pressuring for motion, momentum, physical body stuff on my north node.


Step outta your comfort zone.


Allow yourself to relax a little bit to 12th house, let some s**t go.


And then you trace it to where, what am I letting go? To me?


It's in my seventh house.


Some of the stuff with my business, some of the stuff with social media connecting to people with technology.


What did I do? I let go of TikTok.


I said, how do I release some of this, this mood, this feeling?


You, you heard me say when I get on TikTok, I feel angry.


Anger. It's not, you know, Mars itself is not anger, but Mars in cancer puts aggression to to emotion.


So what I did is something uncomfortable.


And yes, it's been fricking uncomfortable.


I feel like there's something missing.


Like I'm supposed to be making videos.


I'm supposed to be on there answering comments.


I'm supposed to be on there. Like I need it.


Not a little obsession.


Pluto, definitely a little obsession.


It's been a tendency for a while.


But also I feel like, where's my advertising?


Oh, there it is. Jupiter over my son trying this, which Jupiter says without.


So this is good for me, but I feel like I don't have any advertising now, which isn't true.


There's natural advertising anyway within, you know, everything that I'm doing with word of mouth, with all of you guys, with the different things that we're doing.


And I found something else and I've, I've actually let Ashley take over.


That was the resolution by the way.


Libra Ashley took over TikTok, I'm not doing TikTok anymore.


So we still have it, but I'm not on it.


And this is the flow of my energy.


But that's the, that's how the transits impact.


Because if we just looked at this, we also love a tic mystic rebels, TikTok live.


I, I do that with my little iPad, but I, I don't see any of the comments.


I'm not handling any of that. That's the problem.


But if you were just to read this Jupiter over the sun, you would, and especially in retrograde, go back and republish now.


No, because Jupiter is Queen K's Venus, and pretty soon it's going to be semis, sextile Mars.


'cause right now it's, lemme check.


I think it might actually be there right now, right?


Uh, there it is, like hiding behind the zoom thing.


Trying to find this, uh, so Mars, Jupiter.


Yeah, there it is.


So we got a semis exile from, from, from Jupiter to Mars, right?


Gemini two cancer. So it's creating the agitation where I, I that's, that's adding, by the way, it's contributing to the challenge of me letting go.


But I know that if I align with letting go, it'll be better for me to go back and work things that are going to be value, that are gonna bring value and peace to me.


Venus rules peace. All that just hit pretty hard for me.


'cause I have Venus, right? My descendant.


And then Jupiter's going through your your second house.


And the question is, is Jupiter aspecting anything in your chart?


Silas, you can speak, you don't have to.


Uh, yeah, it's Jupiter's conjunct my, um, my Venus, so my chart, ruler, and then semis, sex tile and activating, you know, all those semis, sex tiles.


So right now, Saturn and stuff Now feel like you need to make money, you need to publish things, you need to get everything out when you're not supposed to yet.


Yeah, You're supposed to transform.


'cause you have Scorpio over there.


You're supposed to transform your business right now within the, the value of it.


You're not supposed to publish, you're not supposed to.


Your money will come, your value will come automatically when you focus on Venus, because that's the energy flow.


Wow.


Yeah. Or just to look at Jupyter, you would be giving the customer, the client the wrong information and you'd be giving yourself the wrong information if you're just using it for yourself.


Any questions about that? Does it make sense?


Yeah, that makes sense. I actually just bought some stuff for, you know, the whole podcast setup.


So I'm gonna get that set up.


Yeah, that's good.


Okay. So I know this was a delegate.


We've talked about a lot of things.


I'll have to make sure I note that.


But, um, when it comes to delegates, do, do we get that?


Do we get that it's the rulership and that that rulership is in the embodiment of the entire house condition?


Do we understand house condition?


Is there any part of house condition that we don't understand in is, has a thumbs up on hers?


No. Any, okay. So now at this point of anything that we've talked about today, are there any questions that have arisen?


Uh, yes. What is this Moon and Pisces moon thing going on?


You said we all have our moon and Pisces.


If you're a Leo, That confused me too. Yeah, If you're a Leo rising all Leo risings.


So Leo Risings, this is, remember this is the bidirectionality of ruler ship.


So all Leo Risings, this is my daughter's chart, her moon comes from what sign does it rule cancer, right?


Yeah. So cancer is over here in the 12th house.


12th houses naturally ruled by. I see. I sees, yes.


I see. So therefore, if you are a Leo rising arising your moon, no matter where it is, is sensitive.


Your emotional, your connection to emotion, how your family dynamic is, there is a sensitivity to it. Mm-Hmm Mm-Hmm. And that's only Leo rising, uh, not Leo Sun.


Correct. Because everything is, everything's based off a rising sign.


Nothing's based off of the sun sign.


That's, that's another, like, gotta unlearn this 'cause Mm-hmm.


There's, there was someone, uh, named Linda Goodman, who for the longest time, every book she's put out, it's all over Barnes and Noble.


It's everywhere is sunshine, love, compatibility, birthday charts, blah, blah, blah.


There's no such thing. And it's frustrating because when you realize how it all works and you're using it, you're like, you see other people struggling because they, and they swear by it.


They're like, well, she published all these books.


She's famous. There's a lot of people who are famous who have done absolutely nothing.


My buddy and I were talking about that with TikTok.


I said, you know, tiktoks so poisonous because people who shouldn't have a platform now have one.


And a lot of the people who are famous now have zero talent, zero intelligence.


But they talk and because their level of, I don't wanna say stupid, but that's the word that pops in my head, obviously.


But their level of insanity matches other people's level of insanity.


And they all group together and they boost this person up.


You see it in the astrological community.


You guys have seen it since you started doing real astrology.


You look back and you're like, how?


Why is anyone following this?


But you know, just outside of that, it's like you look at some of the people who have, you know, the, this, these huge followings on social media.


Why you're not contributing anything to anybody.


You're being celebrated for mediocrity.


And it's very frustrating.


And, and the funny thing is, everybody is special and talented in their own way.


And everybody has, you know, worth and whatnot.


But we are not celebrating that.


There's a lot of people who are really good writers, who are really good musicians, who are really good at sports, really good at intellectual studies.


It doesn't matter what it is.


Whatever your talent and your skill is, we're being pressured not to do that.


We're being pressured that we can just, you know, whatever.


I think that it's been a positive shift to say you don't have to go run the rat race anymore.


That you don't have to go school, college, job, retire, die, and maybe have some kids, maybe some vacation time.


I think that it's good that we don't have that all the time, but conversely we're saying, oh, you don't have to do anything.


And then honestly, that obviously contributes to depression and this feeling of lack of purpose that a lot of us feel.


'cause it's two ends of an extreme.


Where's the middle, the middle's. You, what's in your chart?


Where's your talents?


Okay, so the sag rising, then we have Pluto Moon.


Yes. So Sagittarius, Sagittarius Rising is going to have very deep, um, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.


Sagittarius. Rising Gemini, yeah. Oh yeah. Pluto.


It's in the eighth house. Yes.


You're gonna have very deep, I was thinking Scorpio is also in that 12th house.


I thought that's where you were going. I'm gonna have very deep, potentially for some people, depends on how it sits.


Sometimes volatile, but very secretive emotions.


Very, they're gonna be very strong emotionally speaking, emotional resilience, or they suppress their emotions.


Okay. Oh, so that's why, because last time I was talking about you, you should express your emotion.


You said, oh, that's interesting.


From, uh, because I have eight house in, um, yeah, but I, I, I did oppress my emotion in childhood, so I learned I'm, I'm vibing higher most of my life.


So I'm trying to also, that's why I said Okay. Thank you.


That explains a lot.


Yeah. And we can go.


Does anybody have a question on their personal chart that has to do with any of this?


Yes. Yes. Me, Carrie, you go first.


Uh, so Jupiter rec retrograde right now is in my 11th house.


And it's conjunct my, Lemme change the date so that I can actually show 40 5th of October.


You're pulling it up. You'll see it, Uh, Gemini right here. Okay.


Nemesis. Uh, no, nemesis is at 28.


So I wouldn't, I mean yes, but not enough to matter right now.


Okay. Um, Mars is going retrograde next. Is that correct?


The next one to go retrograde is me.


Mercury might go retrograde Before then. I'm not sure.


Yeah, it is Mercury. That's what I was thinking.


It was Mercury. So Mercury, November 26th is gonna go retrograde.


Mars is December 6th.


Uh, and that's, that's it for the end of the year.


So we have everything. A lot of 'em are coming out of retrograde, like Pluto just did. Right? Saturn, right?


Mm-Hmm. Coming up next month. Oops.


Now it's, uh, what is it?


Venus is coming up on my Neptune.


Okay.


Where are you?


You lost me, dude. Got too many tabs there. Okay.


Uh, oh my God. Venus, Scorpio. Yeah.


So Venus at 24, 28.


So it's already within the orb of influence. Mm-Hmm.


Are you asking how that Yeah.


Um, so Jupiter up here needs to align with this, right?


Right. So again, we haven't really gotten into energy flow, but first plant is the problem, you know, out there in our, our chart, first place problem, second plan, solution.


Mm-Hmm. You have to figure out this, this conjunction here.


And then any sort of, uh, going back that's going to align with, um, this solar energy that is sitting in your third house in terms of, you know, things that a lot of this has to do with writing or communicating, uh, and going back to things.


But that has to feed into, um, trauma has to feed into Yeah.


Fight to trauma has to feed into the value of it.


So if you're writing a book, for Instance, I am. Yeah. Okay.


It can't just be here's the trauma and it can't just be here's here, here's how I'm helping you with the trauma.


Right. It Also has to be, because, you know, we also have this semis sex talk going on over here.


Right. That's not impacting anything, but it is in your 12th house.


Mm-Hmm. So there has to be a level of, uh, forgiveness.


There has to be a level of, uh, releasing things in terms of, um, making it feel so personal, which I know Mm-Hmm.


It sounds ironic because it is a very personal thing.


But when we That's spot on on that book, All of, oh, great.


When we attach all of these things, we have to be able to, um, attribute, you know, that Mm-Hmm.


You know, as it as it needs to be released.


Um, and we need to acceptance.


That's the word I was looking for. Sorry, I was stuck. I couldn't find that word.


That's okay. That level of acceptance, uh, that is needed.


So all of the experiences and all the change that, of the mindset that has to happen, that would feed into here all the beliefs and going back on beliefs would feed in.


So if you're writing this book now, you would align with that energy. Yeah, Definitely. Find that release. And that brings us into, you know, happiness and finding adventure and most of it's mindset stuff here. Yeah.


Yeah. Especially mindset over, like if it, if it involves a partner or an abusive partner, trauma from a partner, to not hold that carrying it forward to the next relationship. Mm-Hmm.


Right. But ultimately it's going to say, you know, the publication and the beliefs have to have to feed into, um, a level of finding your own sense of spirituality Mm-Hmm.


And value within the trauma that you've held onto where, where it is a part of you, but it is not, it does not define you.


Exactly. Yeah.


And you just explained the whole book. Sweet.


There it is. On the back cover.


Yeah. Okay. That's great. That's all I wanna know.


The energy is bringing value to it.


So it's not even about just the release, it's also about, uh, the value of how it's made you be able to be resistant to other things in life.


Yes. And, um, and how you need to, um, al allow a level of, um, acceptance in not knowing why it happened to you.


Yeah, absolutely. Spot on.


So thank you. Mm-Hmm.


Uh, Renata.


But did you see that we, you know, you have to use the transits as they are and then connect them in Yeah.


Because yours is sitting here.


You gotta feed into that anyway.


But this is the main purpose. This is the main Mm-Hmm. Happening here.


Yeah. We would see if ju if 20 some odd degrees is affecting anything else in your chart, which mm-Hmm.


You know, there is an opposition to your moon, but it's, it's loose and it's separating.


Right. And that's the main thing.


I'm glad for separating, But there's also textile, there's a sextile to, to Saturn up there that's happening.


Yeah. Uh, Chiron is retrograde coming over.


So when it comes to long held beliefs, when it comes to structure that it derives off of, you know, again, identity, but on a different level, it's it's personality, personal identity, purpose.


Right. Um, we have that separate or that, um, it was a separating aspect.


It is now becoming an applying aspect because Jupiter going retrograde and actually coming back towards your right pattern.


So it's great. I'm interested to see how the energy of the next full moon plays out for me.


Yeah, we can look at that. Yeah.


The full moon, That's my north node area.


So isn't it Aries coming up, Uh, the full moon?


Yeah. Yeah. That would make sense.


17th, I think so. Yeah.


Well that couldn't be your, that couldn't be your, your north node, um, because the sun is gonna be over here somewhere.


Mm-Hmm. Hmm. I don't know the date and I don't know the degree, but I do know that it can't go backward.


Right. So it's gonna be over here, which means it's gonna be up here closer to Chiron.


Oh. And then that'll actually be over your Vesta.


Mm-Hmm. Best or Fama or both, depending.


So that's what we would be looking for.


It's not, I mean, your north note is there as a part of, as a part of house condition.


Yes. So let me explain something real quick before Renata didn't chime in yet, but I'm, I'll come back to Renata.


Um, house condition also includes the understanding that, look, Venus is in here in your eighth house, but so is Chiron and let's ignore the fact this's at 29.


Let's just keep it within the house. Right.


So we understand that Venus is here.


Your Venus always acts within the energy that Chiron also acts within.


Right. And this is gonna be a really morbid but Halloween type of comparison here.


Mm-Hmm. But imagine your Venus and, um, Chiron is Michael Myers.


Mm-Hmm. And Michael Myers is in your house.


Mm-Hmm. But he hasn't gotten you and you don't, he doesn't know you are there.


Mm-Hmm. But you know he's there. Mm-Hmm.


So he hasn't found you.


There's nothing happening between you and him, but he's in your house.


Right. You're not going to feel safe.


You're going to feel insecure being in that house.


Mm-Hmm. Right.


And it's not affecting you.


It's not making you not able to do things. Mm-Hmm.


Speak, have mindset, whatever because of Venus and authority and whatever.


But that authority is tainted.


And that's where color theory comes in.


It bleeds into and blurs into the energy.


Because remember, it's ruler Neptune, It's in the fourth house, Which is in the fourth house, embodies all of what's in the eighth house.


Right. Wow. Holy mackerel.


That just clicked. Okay. That's Fairness then a block.


Uh, it's, it's not, it just doesn't.


So, uh, when I talk about direct impact versus thematic impact, so I've mentioned this before, I don't know how many of y'all caught that, that expression, but a direct impact means a transit is impacting this.


Right now, Saturn retrograde over Carly's venous placement.


This is a direct impact because it is making an actual aspect.


However, where's Aquarius, uh, Pluto going at 29 degrees is out of orb for the sun.


And even at zero one degrees in her seventh, uh, house, it is out of orb for anything.


However, it is impacting through theme the house.


So Mercury is still being impacted when Pluto does go back into the seventh house for Carly, but not directly.


It's going to be indirect.


It's going to be impacting Mercury through the themes of Uranus.


Mm-Hmm. Whereas, you know, and, and whereas it's impacting the actual theme of Mercury, it's not well for you, it will also be communication.


'cause you're in the senior third house. Mm-Hmm.


But it's not gonna be impacting like the person who represents the sibling or the thought itself, or the writing itself.


It's going to be impacting the writing through the changes, through the independence, through the, you know, friendship or innovation or whatever it is.


Right. Uh, Renata, I can't, can't hear you.


Can you hear me now? There she is. Verizon. Good.


I'm sorry. Hi. Um, if Jupiter is actually affecting my descendant, I don't know if I said that correctly.


And then is that infecting my first house? 'cause or I mean, it goes through Yeah, I know.


I mean, yeah, I know. 'cause I have, It's technically affecting your 12th house and then your 12th house through the orb of influence and the fusion cusp area is impacting your first house.


Okay. Does that answer the question or was there more?


Yeah, it's a lot more, but yeah, it's, okay.


So if then the Mercury is strange thing, my Mars right.


Is over my Mars.


Is that the, then impacting also my 12th house, and then also of course my first house.


So, um, so going over Mars is impacting your fifth house because it's the ruler of your fifth house.


So anything that has to do with, you know, your own sense of personality, uh, purpose, um, recreation, anything here, vitality, even Mercury is, is, because remember, Mars is the delegate for the fifth house.


Okay. So everything, the fifth house being impacting on Mars, any transit to it is going to impact everything in the fifth house.


Okay. So Mercury, um, its ruler is, is, uh, uh, Venus.


Venus is in your first house.


So the, the Mercury transit is absolutely affecting your first house through themes, But like Okay.


Okay.


In the 11th. Thank you.


I don't feel like I answered that, but she's, she's saying I did.


No, no, no. I mean, you can, you can talk more.


I just, you know, I, I mean, you, you can talk as much as you want about this.


I just don't want, I want to, I don't want you to be too much time on, you know. Well, It's okay. I just don't think, okay.


I just wanna make sure I answered a question.


Was there a specific question like, about this or about this?


No, it's just that, uh, lately I'm, I'm, I'm feeling really agitated and I don't know what's causing it, and I'm trying to align it, but, well, thank you Sharon.


And I'm not sure because everything is going wrong.


Is it Moon, my Jupiter, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, uh, blah blah.


The reason, the reason why, um, you're likely feeling that way is so does it have to do with communications specifically?


Yeah. I don't communicate very well. Well, well, Yeah. And that makes sense.


So you have Mercury, which is sitting over your Mars placement, which has to do with you, your personality, the things that you want to do for yourself, and whether or not you wanna do them.


And it is, uh, over Mars, but it's in Libra.


Libras, ruler in the cosmos is over here in your 12th house, which is not doing stuff or being secretive or repressing things.


And, um, Jupiter going retrograde in Gemini is over here impacting your Mars.


And that's the house. It's impacting the house where your Chiron is.


And since it's over your descendant, it has to do with whether or not you feel like there's purpose in connecting to others right now.


And right now, you're, you're, you shouldn't be connecting to other people who you don't wanna connect to.


If there's no value, you need to be severing those ties, if that's part of that condition, because it's ruler.


Remember Jupiter over all of this, Jupiter is Quin K's Venus right now.


So any sort of going back on belief systems or adventures, or for you expanding out on memories, it could be as well, whether or not there's an actual value to it.


Um, because Pluto is still in your second house as well.


That's what you have to figure out.


Is there any sort of long-term value here?


And that feeds back in your chart to your first house and whether or not you take action and you feel like there's a future or a place in the world with all of this, any sort of adventure ahead of you.


But the question is, is there, is there room for forgiveness?


Is there room for, you know, or is there a need for isolation?


Is there value in isolation right now?


Or are you trying to force something that's not supposed to be forced right now?


Would we also consider the fact that it is opposition to its natural ruler house?


So for an addict, her first house is Sagittarius.


So natural ruler being Jupiter.


And could that be another agitation, or is that layering it too much?


Wait, I, I didn't follow that to answer.


Say it again. So Sagittarius first house natural ruler being Jupiter, that right? Yeah.


Well, no, the, the, her first house is Sagittarius.


So the ruler is Jupiter.


The natural ruler of the first house is Mars.


Oh yeah. The ruler of the first house. Sorry. Par.


So the ruler of the first house being Jupiter. Mm-Hmm.


Which transiting is in opposition.


No. Okay. So this, this is actually something I was saying in, uh, in a Facebook group.


So when you are looking at transits, you can't use the ruler of your energy.


Mm. So, you know, Jupiter, Jupiter out there does not represent her Aries energy. That's Only, so it's only when Jupiter transits the first house that you would consider it, Or transits Mars or transits.


Oh yeah. Like her, her Jupiter returns would be interesting times of change, times of a lot of things going on.


New beginnings usually.


So when Rena is, you know, 20, you know, 12, 24, 36 round, those timeframes, this, there's a lot of change that would happen in those times that had a big Yes.


That's a, that's a head breaking. Yes.


And that's because for her, that expansion energy is taking all of through the delegate, which Jupiter for her where to go is down here in her third house.


So that's to a communication identity.


And neighbor, siblings, anything that's in her local environment is through the house condition, is taking all of this energy she has in her first house, plus how it rules Aries themes naturally.


So her Jupiter return when Jupiter comes around, expands on all of that.


And then it's bringing new beginnings change things that have to do with value that's bringing in north node times of not necessarily being uncomfortable, being forced into something maybe she doesn't wanna do.


So you're saying when the ruler is in retrograde, it doesn't necessarily affect the house.


It's what, where, where we're sitting in the house.


Like, which, like Aries for example, it's, it's the Aries that's affecting everything, not necessarily the ruler in retrograde.


W what I was saying on that was, your house rulers don't apply to transits.


Okay. Okay. Oh, okay.


So yeah. So her, you know, Renata's first house is Sagittarius.


It is ruled by Jupiter.


By Jupiter, yeah. Jupiter and her chart only.


Right. So the fact that Jupiter is in retrograde has nothing to do with the fact that Jupiter is the ruler.


No. Her ruler. Okay. Got it.


And sometimes you'll hear people be like, oh, I'm a cancer rising.


So every time the moon shifts, I feel it.


And I'm like, that's not how it works.


Okay. In that case, Scorpio risings would never feel anything change because Scorpio, Pluto moves so freaking slow.


You know, especially when you get around to, uh, where it's approaching now where we're starting to hit the long term where it's gonna stay in plant, in, in energies, uh, for like 25 years.


You know, we're hitting that. I think that's, I think Aries it's like that.


I know Pisces is pretty long. Aries is pretty long.


So it's like when Pluto gets around here stays for a very long time.


But yeah, that, that's been a, um, a source of confusion as well.


Your chart ruler being Jupiter, doesn't matter about Jupiter out there.


It's only yours. It's kinda, kinda like Ry uh, when we do a Ry reading, it's like, it's my energy, not with yours.


I have my own ecosystem.


My energy is within the skin and whatever aura I have, that's me.


You know, you come in and you enter my energetic field.


Now we've got Ry Ry is fun too.


'cause it's like, in Astrocartography there's something called remote activation.


Super cool stuff where depending on where people are in the world, you, you can test this for yourself.


Think about if you, if you're a cultured person and you've traveled different places, and you have a general vibe for people, not individuals, but just a general vibe for people from a place, think of a, a country where you're just like, I just don't vibe with like, anybody there that's remote activation.


If we pull up your astrocartography, we will see it.


Like France, for me, France has just not been good for me.


Armenia has been weird for me, and you'll see it in the Astrocartography, but Greek people my entire life have always been like, amazing.


And Eastern Italy amazing.


But the other people might be like, I can't, I can't stand Greek people was because the energy, it's, it's a certain type of energy.


And you know, we sometimes that's within us.


Like, we don't get along with those people.


Because like for me, I, I have my own authority issues.


I have insecurities. I have my Chiron, the 10th house.


I have insecurities when it comes to people of authority who use their authority to make money.


That's my issue with Armenians. That's just, it.


It, it's, it shows in, it shows in the astrocartography as the line, and the line represents what's in your chart and in your relocated chart.


It's not that they're bad, and it's not that I'm bad, but it is that it is my energy that is being affected.


It's my life and my reaction to that type of energy probably needs adjustment.


They're not bad and I'm not bad, but my reaction is based off of an insecurity.


So my issue with them is based on me.


That's a huge part of astrology in general.


I don't like Leo's. Well, let's check out the sun in your charter, your fifth house, and see what's going on.


Um, yeah.


So it is been interesting, but I've always had a pleasant experience with people in Greece.


Like, even when I was a kid, I used to get bullied all the time, except the Greek people.


There were a couple of, uh, there were like six or seven Greek people that I knew.


Greek kids that I knew when I was growing up never had a problem with any of them.


In fact, they would be very kind to me.


And I didn't understand it.


And now I learn, oh, I got some interesting energy in Greece.


It's fun, it's fun stuff.


When you, when you get into it and you're like, oh my God, everything's freaking energy.


It's like, oh, if I sign this document at 2:00 PM there's gonna be a problem with it.


But if I wait till six 30, it's all good.


That doesn't make any logical sense, but it's energy. It Does, It doesn't, it doesn't make any sense.


But I've seen it. I've told you guys the story about buying this car out here last year, last October.


We've had it over a year now.


And when we, and I saw it in the chart, I said, uh, the moon's in a position.


I don't want it to be in.


It's going through my eighth house.


It's causing a Queen Ks in a more challenging way to my Saturn placement.


I don't want to be there at 10 30 in the morning.


I pushed the appointment to one 30 because I knew at that point it would be out.


But we showed up early somehow.


We still ended up at the dealership a half hour early.


So we, we ended up at one and they saw us and they said, we're working with the bank, but we're having an issue.


It's like freaking, it's like, well, we're just gonna chill and we're not gonna do anything.


So we let Isla uh, she was obviously two at the time, instead of three.


We let her just run around and play with the cars.


And literally just after, uh, one 30, they came and said, oh, well, it went through.


I don't know what the problem was. Literally their words.


I don't know what the problem was, but the bank cleared it up.


It's all good. Let's go sign the papers.


It doesn't make any sense if you come from a logical place that we've come from most of our life, but it's real.


It's very real stuff. Um, But this, I have one more question.


So if I, um, try to take a look at my second house, you know, um, and the conditions, do I have to consider the first house because of the Neptune influence or not?


When I, when I do it, I don't.


Okay. But I factor it into Neptune.


So I will like go back and look at it.


But when I'm, when I'm reading a chart, when, if I were reading your chart, when I'm talking about Neptune, I would talk about the Neptunes influence into the first house.


And that would be a part of the first house condition, but it wouldn't be a part of the second house condition because Neptune is spilling into the first, So it's the 12th with the Neptune.


Oh, with the Mercury.


So that, that one's a little bit different. Okay.


Your mercury position is in the fusion cusp area.


So in that case, I would have to consider the 12th house having an influence from the first house.


But in my mind, I separated into two layers.


I separated into the layer of just the 12th house.


And then I'll separate it into, also, let me consider some of this energy as well as like a secondary layer that's adding to it.


Adding to it. So the first just, okay, that's how I read it.


Otherwise first, first off, it's the ruler is of the house.


So the fact that this other energy is kind of merging in is it's not, it's not the, it's not the energy of the planets in the house.


It's energy from Mercury's exposure to that.


So I treat it as a second layer, if that makes sense.


So basically Pluto back in the first house is bringing all the 12th house energy of mercury.


Mercury is bringing in your Chiron, it's bringing your 10th house and your series energy.


That would be how I read it.


And then I would also say your 12th house is affected through mercury by the first house and all of this, the house condition here, specifically going through Saturn.


'cause it's not in the term of house condition.


Jupiter is not affecting this.


It's Saturn, Saturn's the main influence.


But because it's pulling all that energy in, it's pulling all of this in as well.


Think of, uh, think of two bodies of water.


If you had purple water, I'm sorry if you had blue water and red water, kinda like color theory, but just think that, you know, the, the waves are just doing this and they're just crashing into each other.


Right. It's just the natural flow.


At what point does the red water become purple?


What, at what point does the blue water become purple?


Is kind of how I picture it.


Oh, Okay. You know what I mean? Mm-Hmm.


It's like, mm-Hmm mm-hmm. Spills in and over time it absolutely muddies the water, but it's still, when it's hitting back and hitting back, it's still mostly red tinted purple is how I see it.


Because remember, we're working with energy.


So whenever you wrap your head around anything we're doing in alchemistic, astrology, you have to remember energy, energy, energy, energy.


Not definition, definition, definition. Right.


So when we're talking about any of this energy, you know, mercury is energy, energy, think, I think an orb, I think a ball that does this, like it, it pulsates, right?


Which is why we can't lock it down a hundred percent.


I think solar flares, right?


The sun has a diameter itself, but through solar flares and fluctuations and gravitational pull and all this sciency stuff, it kind of does this.


And it's the same thing when you're talking about these merging of energies.


Mercury's meaning is based off of frequency, it's based off of energy, it flows.


So we're not static.


We're not like, this just means we're talking.


We're like, no, it's this.


Now we're bringing in you, you know, Saturn's themes.


Your challenge right here is the fact that Saturn itself is not only bringing in where to go, your second house themes, but it is also sitting in the first house with all this other stuff.


And it's not conjunct anything except, you know, mercury, anything in the first house, which means it acts separate from the rest of it and is only influenced by it.


Saturn works first, then Venus, then Uranus, then the sun, then the moon, then your ascendant.


What's challenging for you is by the time you hit your motivations, stuff's already happened.


So you develop your motivation based off of stuff.


Does that resonate?


Oh yeah. Yes. Thank you Sharon for your comment.


I'm fascinated by enough for synergy.


Everyone is in my life. I'm bringing attention everywhere I come.


Yeah. I want it or not It. You have to brace it because you can't change it.


Yeah, no, I figured that one out.


Yeah. But you know, this is why the order matters.


If your ascendant was first, it would be very different.


But your ascendant, why?


Okay. If, if we are talking about, let's say that it, the ascendant is first.


Yeah. How would that be different?


Well, um, if it was first it would have to be, uh, part of the conjunction.


So you would have a stellium, right?


Because we have this as a conjunction.


So if we snuck the ascendant in it like one degree, then you would ha your ascendant and your motivations will be tied directly into your sub or your unconscious thoughts.


It would be tied directly into value. 100%.


Everything will be tied to value.


Value is more of a, it's already there.


By the time I've decided I'm gonna do something in your chart, the money's already there.


The value's already there. All of that's already happened.


By the time I've make my motivations based on all of this stuff that's already there, I have to change.


I'm, I already have to accept that I'm different.


Instead of your motivations being up here, and then you have to change.


It's like I set my motivations and then change has to happen.


I set, I do the things that I wanna do, and then friends come along see all the way around for you because the order matters.


And the, the, the thing with Alchemistic is it's the only system that cares about the order of the planets, the energies.


But it, it's important if you are born like you were born just after a full moon or a new moon rather, sorry, you were born just after a new moon, which means purpose precedes comfort.


They work together. But it's purpose, comfort, not comfort purpose.


I wanna do it. 'cause it's, 'cause it's fun.


Now I feel comfortable doing it immediately together.


They both have to work together.


But the spark is based off of Leo's energy.


And for you, that pulls outta your ninth house.


I want the adventure. I mean it's Sagittarius anyway, but I want the adventure first.


I want the higher whatever.


I want it to be something personal.


Whereas if it was the other way around for somebody, they would have to feel secure in it and then find the fun in what's secure.


You find the, you find the security in what's fun.


There's Carly. Yeah. Order is so important. The Order is so important.


Amazing. This, This is what energy flow is.


Okay, I have one more question.


If it's too much, I will, um, why I have anybody Else is asking any questions.


I have very problem with time. So that's Saturn.


How can I resolve that?


I mean, is that a Saturn problem in my chart?


Your issue with Ty?


Uh, I, I mean Saturn is here, so you have it twice.


Um, you have Saturn conjuncture, mercury, which is Mercury is your Chiron ruler over here.


So when it's conjunct, it's, it's actually a, well, we'll come back to that.


We'll come back to the balance.


It, it's really a thought balance thing that is leading into your time management issues.


But also your 10th house ruler, uh, shares the same ruler as your Chiron ruler.


So the 10th house being time as well and managing time.


So your issue is not that you can't, you have a bad issue with time is that you have, you try to, you try to align your time by everybody else's standard.


So you end up late because you let somebody else set an appointment or you end up not being able to manage it because they've set it, not you, you need a level of give and take because it's rulers in the 12th house, I need you, you have the structure, you value it, but you have Neptune that feeds in and then you have the 12th house energy that feeds in.


You need a buffer in your time. So when you, what, What is a buffer? I'm sorry, I don't, I'm sorry.


I don't understand that word. I'm sorry.


Uh, a buffer is an allowance. It is.


Um, if I show, if I say, if they say, can we do two o'clock?


And you say, okay, um, you know, can we set it between like 1 45 and two 15?


It gives you that freedom that you need and you need more of a go with the flow.


Yes. You need it to be like, instead of, instead of saying we'll meet on at two o'clock, you know, on Tuesday you say, Hey, can you hit me up when, and we'll schedule it then.


That makes a lot sense.


I'm, I'm sorry if this is too much for the webinars, but thank you that I was, if you guys are, um, feel free to, if you're learning, awesome.


If not, I'm gonna stop. Anyone else?


You're good. Is anybody else? I have the exact Same problem with time and I have the exact same oppo opposition there. So this is very helpful.


Awesome. Also need a buffer.


Not at all. Renata, I'm learning from your chart. Sharon said.


Yeah, my chart is quite, um, I mean ev everyone is, but I know that in mine is a lot, uh, at once going on.


So it's hard to, uh, sometimes.


Okay. This helps so much. Thank you so much, Logan. Really.


You're welcome And thanks everybody from learning.


Uh, Misha says, I have a question regarding my Jupiter and Uranus and how condition can I pull up your chart?


Misha, that's a quick Yes.


This is you right? July 8th.


Okay. Uh, Jupiter, Uranus.


Jupiter, Uranus house condition. Of course you do.


That makes sense. Okay.


So what is, you can come on if you wanna turn your mic on too.


I know you say you have puppies or whatever or kids or whatever it is.


Okay. Or you can you hear me? Yep. Okay.


Yeah. So I'm just wondering about resolving this with the Pluto and I don't really feel like I have a ton of issues with my south node.


Um, I feel like I've kind of played into that with what I've chosen as a career, but considering that I'm kind of burnt out on what I've been doing, and I'm not saying I don't wanna keep it incorporated, I'm just, I'm just wondering how I work with this energy here in the second house.


'cause it has caused me issues I think, uh, as far as career and less so career and more money flow is how, Yeah. So your, um, the biggest challenge you have actually isn't the south node or Pluto or whatever.


It's the fact that you're ascendant is semis, exile this energy here and that is sitting in your second and third house.


So your identity, your sense of self-worth your value and your money flow and what you make with money is in conflict with who you really are.


Oh yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.


So the, the energy that you put out in the world that you want to put into things that are a bit more spiritual or behind the scenes potentially creative in nature.


Mm-Hmm. That's where your energy naturally goes.


Your um, second house ruler is also sitting up there, uh, within the fusion cusp area.


So it's merging the 11th and the 12th house.


So anything that has to do with like sciences or technologies or, or you know, changing things that have to do with mindset or doing things that are sporadic, interspersed money is always constantly up and down based off of how you view money.


Which is interesting 'cause we just talked about energy, your view on money is extremely important.


Yeah. 'cause Your beliefs, so money will feed in and you can have based off of your energy and, and the conflict with these energies, you can have a poor belief on money.


Um, because you feel like you have to constantly chase after money or constantly do things for money because you're ascendant sitting here.


29 is also squaring off with Mars that is over here in the fifth house and it can become your entire purpose and identity.


And this is actually the burnout is you're not directing that energy into things that you really want to do that can offer services or value.


You are conflicting with what could bring money because you're not doing those things because you feel like they can't bring you money.


Um, exactly right. Yeah. Yeah. So, So you have to start allowing yourself to say, you know, what I'm gonna direct my energy into is to not conflict with this feeling of, you know, burning out and having less vitality and not being able to teach and coach and co consult and have, and and more importantly feeling I have to dive deeper into things, help more people do more work, work overtime, uh, especially with this type of, just to get extra money from various sources.


Mm-Hmm Do is you have to feed into what are those various sources?


What is that creative expression?


What is that vitality, that life coaching?


'cause there's a life coaching element in here as well.


Oh, where is that for you? And how do you see that?


And instead of pouring your energy into things that don't align with that, pour it into that Got you. Goes away and becomes growth.


Okay. Awesome. Okay, thank you so much.


That makes a lot of sense. Yeah.


We're also pulling that seventh house energy and so there's an element of design, there's an element of partnership or mediation.


You know, there's an element of running your own business.


You probably feel like you can't start your own business or do your own business. Yes.


Yes. That's exactly it. Yeah.


It's because, and I started one right before Covid and then, yeah.


Anyway, I don't wanna take up everyone's time, but yeah, no, no.


And this is, this is awesome.


Uh, how do you pull up the seventh house here?


This is awesome. We are, we are all learning.


This is awesome. But why do you, why do you consider also the seven house?


I'm sorry.


Uranus is conjunct Jupiter, Uranus rules for seventh house.


So through the ruler ship, we're pulling that in and you know, this is a really good example by the way.


We haven't gotten into all the aspects and whatever.


Like I said, you know, I want you guys to learn this.


Like, I don't just want to be like, oh I know it and you guys don't, uh, thanks for being here and keep talking in the community.


I want you to learn this stuff. And I understand that we all learn differently.


First off, I understand that is why I want, you know, Justin was mentioning group sessions and if you guys think that'll be helpful to you, you know, sometimes when I say it a hundred times and then Anita says it, you're like, oh Anita, that makes sense.


And then I'll be like, I've said that a hundred times.


Sometimes it just doesn't go that way because I have my energy, I have my way of saying things.


My energy supported me creating the system.


My energy supports teaching. I try to teach the best I can.


I'm very good at flipping it around, trying to paint different narratives so that you get it.


But sometimes learning in a group is better.


Sometimes learning through rewatching something, sometimes visuals are good.


So I try to give you as much as I can.


And if you guys need help, don't, don't hesitate to ask Ashley or myself.


We're both very similar in that vein that we wanna make sure you know this.


And when we go back to these new classes, you know, I'm breaking it down structurally to make sure from the beginning you get these planets, you get this, and then we're gonna do more q and as on those specific modules and whatnot so that you can get it.


So when you get to, you know, the advanced stuff, it's easy.


So when we come back to like aspects, I know aspects is what's challenging for everybody, but I wanna make sure everything of the groundwork is, you're all good.


So when I hit aspects, you're like, ah, cool, I got it.


You know, which you won't immediately for some of the aspects.


So some of the aspects like a Queen Cox is just a confusing aspect 'cause it's a natural integration and a repellent at the same time.


And we have to break down how and why, because that sounds really confusing.


But this is a good example when you're talk about aspects, uh, in Misha's chart here where she has a 29 degree ascendant in a fire sign and a Mars placement in a fire sign.


But they are squaring each other.


They are not trying each other.


So another thing that they teach all the time in astrology is that, you know, shrines are same element and squares are, you know, whatever, different element, different modality or same modality, different element.


Right. And that's not true. 'cause we have one right here.


So it's, you know, this is why I said, you know, orbs of influence, energy, all that kind of stuff.


Super important. It's important to understand this because for, for Misha, it's not about the first house in her fourth house, it's about the first house in her fifth house.


It's about her and her father.


Oh gosh. There she goes. Yes.


Yep. Right. Mom's in there. But indirectly.


Yeah. So, um, you know, and, and there's a whole different thing going on with mom.


Yeah. We don't need to talk about that, but Yes. Yeah.


So we have, we have that.


And like, this is the fun part when you guys start doing these readings with this is those types of reactions.


It's amazing. 'cause you say something, you, you're like, this, this, I don't know Misha personally, I haven't, we haven't talked about this, but you see it, you say it and then her initial reaction was like, ah, sh calling me out. There It is. Yeah.


Right.


'cause it becomes very specific. It becomes very real.


Yeah. And a lot of the conflict has to do, if, if her self-worth and value, uh, is in conflict with that.


So it creates this, even the relationships.


Not to go deep in calling you out too much, but No, No, it's fine. If you want to, I can give you some, I'm happy to be super open right now, but no, I, I don't, I feel like a lot of what I went into and how I view myself, which is looks are so important, goes back to my relationship with my father.


Yeah. I don't wanna cry. Yeah.


No, this is good. You cry. I cry Leste time.


So how would, uh, what would she need to focus on the most to resolve this?


The first thing she needs to realize is that, uh, with a sex tile, again, we haven't taught these aspects yet, but a sex tile, they teach it as a mini trine, right?


They're like, oh, it's just this harmonious whatever.


It's not it. Sex tile is a companion energy.


It just means that this has to do with some sort of relationship with this on some level.


So basically, when it comes to her sense of self-worth, how much of her father's input, how much of her own personality, and how much that goes back to, you know, being a woman in criticism, uh, beauty standards and feeling different, alienated by them.


How much of that is impacted by this and will allow it to be impacted by this.


And because it's Mars pioneering your own way as opposed to allowing the ar the, the directness, uh, and the expansion over the criticism.


How much, uh, of a pioneering energy can she bring?


Especially when it comes to having, uh, belief systems that are her own, that don't match the standards.


Especially as it pertains to her father's beliefs as it pertains to society's beliefs.


Finding that and allowing herself to have her own beliefs around her personality and who she is as a person that will then feed into her sense of self-worth, the type of relationship she has, what type of value she has for herself, her own mindset and how she communicates and allows others to communicate to her.


Versus feeling upset over it initially because it comes across as an insecurity based off of criticism when it never was in the first place.


And aligning her energy into that as opposed to trying to just usually hide and seclude, um, you know, within her own emotional sphere.


'cause there's a sensitivity that's here as well.


Awkward. No, I'm kidding. Totally.


A hundred percent accurate.


Yeah. And allowing yourself to build up your own sense of authority and step into your authority, especially as it pertains to the self-worth that you can set as a pioneer within your own sphere, um, to, to change the thinking, um, around those things.


Because you are a good example of somebody that needs to advocate for that.


Aw, well, thank you. Thanks.


You're welcome. Also not feeling like you have to overcompensate huge one Yeah.


Within those departments.


'cause you can help a lot of people by, you know, realizing that there is a level of personality that has to go with it.


And, you know, there's, there's as much negative as we can feel with our parents sometimes.


There's always positive in there.


A thousand percent. I'm, I love my, my dad for sure, he's passed, but I dream about him a lot.


He's a, he was a character and he was suppressed in his own way, you know?


Yeah. I mean, yeah. Aren't we all?


You didn't, well, the thing is you didn't really get to know him as well as you wanted to.


Yeah, definitely.


Because of our philosophical differences.


I mean, not to get too into, but it, but he was Mormon.


I was born into a Mormon family, and I knew from a very young age, it wasn't, it wasn't my jam.


Yeah. And that was a wedge between us forever.


Yep. It's that fricking Jupiter and that ninth house and that Chiron and also the north node coming down to the fourth house, uh, from your eighth house.


So it's, uh, you know, when it comes to spirituality, when it comes to compassion, uh, and just the feeling of like how much, you know, um, we repress things we don't remember, uh, when you are a Leo rising, Ah, I'm gonna be doing this, by the way.


I know I've mentioned Leo rising a lot because obviously three people in my house are, and I've come across a lot of Leo rising charts just in this group.


Um, I'm gonna be doing archetypal breakdowns for all the rising signs so that you don't feel left out.


'cause uh, you know, it, it, it's very important to understand where those emotions come from.


And it's funny because people will be like, well, I have my moon and whatever.


I'm like, yeah, but what's your rising sign?


'cause that gives me more context over where that moon came from.


And without the rest of the chart, I still can't tell you much, but I can tell, you know, you're a Libra rising.


Where's your moon? Oh, well your moon is in the, in the 10th house.


Rather. I know that Libra risings want to have that authority over their emotions, and they try to be very, you know, steadfast in their emotions.


They want to have a, a reason for being emotional and they try to power through things.


But you usually gen you usually attribute that to someone who is like all like Capricorn sons.


And you're like, no, no, no.


Well, thanks. Thank you for the time. Yeah.


And clarification. I appreciate it so, so much.


Absolutely. I want you guys, like I said, I want you guys to learn this.


And, um, we're, we're getting there.


I'm writing the book Promise you guys.


It's, it's coming out. I'm writing the book is going to be released, and then I'm jumping into the new courses.


So I have my plan of action on this.


And, uh, in the meantime, we wanna do these webinars.


We wanna do the q and as, we want to answer the posts.


We want you guys to feel free and, and safe to put up posts and, um, you know, not feel someone put up a a whose chart was it?


Someone put up a a a a chart today.


Me Iata, right? Yeah.


Put a chart up, someone replied and then deleted the reply.


Yes, it was, uh, uh, It's all right. But I, I want, yes. I don't want you guys to feel insecure about your replies.


Yeah, I know. She thought she was giving me too much information and she, Well, I think what it was is after hers, I put in my comment, okay, but my comment had nothing to do with hers.


But I, I feel like she, and maybe it could have been something else.


Maybe I'm reading into it, but I think maybe, 'cause I was like, Hey, I want you to remember one, two, and three when you're looking at this, because that's how you would do a birth time rectification.


And I think maybe she read that and thought, oh, maybe I'm wrong.


Maybe got insecure about it.


But I don't want you guys to feel that way.


If, if there's anything that's, that's wrong. Yeah.


Being exactly Sharon, being wrong about something will help everybody else.


But also it'll help you.


And you could have been right. I didn't, she She was bang on. Actually what she said was perfect.


Yeah, Yeah. So we won't It was Heidi.


It was Heidi. Heidi, yeah. Okay. Not to call her out.


So when Heidi rewatched this, um, but no, we want, we want you to feel comfortable and safe.


Nobody here's here to judge.


And if that ever happens, I will call it out or Ashley will call it out.


Like, we don't want that. We want you guys to feel comfortable learning.


Um, you know, there's a reason why I'm not teaching on TikTok anymore.


It's here because you guys are here to learn.


You guys want to learn this.


I'm going to teach it to you. And, uh, I've not, And please do the forecast.


This, I'm sorry to interrupt you before I wanted to say, the forecasts are for us is amazing.


Yes. Very, very.


So if you have time for us, it would be very amazing, Logan. Yeah. You Guys appreciate them. I just, I have, I'm not getting much feedback on 'em, and I'm not getting like a high view count on YouTube either.


So I'm like, I don't know if anybody cares about this.


I was gonna write it off. And I don't care about the view count on YouTube, if you guys are getting benefit out of it.


I do. I love them. I would really appreciate it.


I, if you've noticed, I've shortened them.


They're no longer 30 minutes.


I'm trying to get 'em out in like under 10 minutes.


So I basically, I call out the, the major things and hopefully that's helpful.


Logan, you can make them 30 so fast. We'll watch fast.


Yeah, we will, we will watch them when we have time.


I mean, if you have time, I mean, for me, it's amazing.


I think everybody else loves it.


So if you have time to do the forecast for us, it would be really helpful and amazing.


Okay. I will keep doing them.


Uh, I I don't wanna do them in all transparency.


I don't wanna do the 12 signs anymore.


So, um, I don't think you guys need that.


I think people online seek that, but I think it's a waste.


Um, I've mentioned this before.


If you look at horoscopes, you know, um, what was, what was I using, uh, my daughter's chart?


Like if I, if I pull up, um, pull up eyelets, right?


So, um, a good example here is like, let's say Pluto or some planet moves into Pisces, right?


Um, and it gets to zero degrees or one degree.


And during this entire thing, nothing's happening in Aquarius, but at zero degrees with a 29 57 Mercury, anything that's sitting right here is absolutely impacting her seventh house.


Her relationships balance hormones, legal matters, starting a business, whatever it is that has to do with the reciprocal, um, you know, outward expa or outward, um, value design, all those things.


So the problem is, you do these even an energy forecast and you just talk about all this stuff.


You don't know how to read it.


And then, you know, lo and behold, it's actually like severely impacting your mercury placement, especially if it like comes up, it goes retrograde, but never goes back into Aquarius.


You've got this entire 45 minute horoscope that you've watched.


No one mentions any of this, and you're like, oh, my relationship's fine.


Or for her, my money, my sense of self-worth my value, my, uh, friends, my, you know, whatever, uh, teams, groups, whatever.


But for her, it's hard directly impacted, you know, and that's why I don't like to do those 12 signs.


I was doing them for a minute and I was like, not only is this a lot of work, but it's, it's silly.


You need to convert it to yours, which is earlier I was like, I had mentioned, you know, I created a little chart for the moments so that I can see the transits.


And actually, if you go to, um, lemme show you real quick.


If you go to the current planets, I use this because this is easy for me.


But there's a chart of the moment right here, and you click it and it pops out.


And there you go. This is where everything is.


So the only thing I don't like about it is I don't like the, the cusp blinds and the ascendant, because we don't need that right now.


But if somebody was born wherever, this is for me, wherever this, this location is in the software, there's a reference place in there.


So this moment, at that reference place, this would be the NATO chart of that person.


But it tells you, you can read this to see how everything's interacting.


I can see there's a semis, sex tile happening right here.


I know that Mars, where's cancer? Mars is up here.


And that semis, sex tile is through the bidirectionality rulership is pulling in both Chiron retrograde and the, the north node into it.


That's why everybody's so moody right now. People are moody.


People are feeling very impacted and sensitive.


And part of that is Neptune, but it is, it's, there's like an aggression to it.


Oh my God. Right? Um, yeah.


So we have to be cautious, but it also means that because you have Mars in cancer and, and the moon moves so quickly that you're supposed to be stepping into a lot of different things that change day by day, that change very momentarily.


And you have to realize that that's happening.


You have to allow that to happen.


And the things that are happening right now, people are like, oh my God, there's so much going on.


Yeah. Mars is in cancer cancer's ruled by the moon.


The moon moves a new sign every two and a half days. Yes.


A lot going on. You work with it.


Uh, any other questions, guys?


Shortest webinar I've done, just to Say you're amazing. Thank you for All. Thank you Silas and Anita Silas.


Yeah, I think Silas had a question about this.


Yeah, I was waiting for Anita to say something first, but I guess I'll jump in first.


No, no, you go ahead.


Okay. Um, with my fourth house, 'cause you know, I got a, a lot of fun stuff in there.


Okay. Okay, go ahead.


Um, so in terms of, I guess the order, like for the, like house delegates, obviously it's sun, then moon, or not Moon, but Mars and then Mercury.


So it would be like, in terms of finding comfort, it would be that I have to find like a reason, like, because of purpose, and then I get like motivated to do something and then there's like, I think about it, but then I might feel like a little bit of shame or something because it's bringing in the Lilith.


And I don't necessarily like expand out in the way Your, your Lilith is that I might want to Second house. So your Mercury embodies the, that Lilith energy, so it doesn't bring in Lilith.


And then thinking about it, your, your thoughts, you always have, this is gonna sound bad, but you always have shame behind your thoughts.


You have shame behind your ideas.


You have shame behind money and your thoughts on money, your thoughts on value.


And you feel like they're not worthy enough.


Those, uh, that that's, there's power behind there because Lilith comes from, there's two versions.


There's the outward Lilith, which is the osculating one, that one's for you sitting here at 24 degrees, and then you have your 28 degree, uh, mean or average Lilith.


And they're sitting in two different houses for you.


So this one I won't talk about right now, but this one's a more outward reflection.


It's much more pinpoint, much more once it's activated.


It's very like, like that in your face.


Whereas this one's more thematic.


It's more like reserved undertones, um, makes us feel a certain way that often brings in guilt and shame and whatever.


But both of them are derived off of the, the empty focus, which is whenever you have, I put this post up a while ago, but for those of you who didn't see it, whenever you have the earth and you have the moon on an elliptical orbit there, the way that elliptic, uh, ellipses work, El ellipti, ellipticals, ellipti, whatever the hell, how this shape works is the earth is one gravitational pull, but there's an imaginary gravitational pull that becomes what's called the empty focus.


So the earth is the focus, the um, empty focus is sitting there and it creates the elliptical movement and that placement based off of the apogee, the furthest distance that the moon gets, becomes the focus for, uh, Lilith.


So basically in the alchemistic astrology, we call it the empty mirror or the invisible mirror.


Empty focus, invisible mirror.


And essentially it is non-reality. Reality.


It is your reality that doesn't actually exist.


That's where Lilith is coming from.


It is a mirror image of our, our world and a focus outside of that.


So therefore, there are pros and cons to that.


One is you have a moon derived a lunar emotional comfort, security derived, uh, wants and needs, uh, for your emotional security that is completely unrelated to anything in reality.


So obviously the cons is that it's not real.


And there's real stuff that has to be factored in.


The pros is it's not real meaning, it's not influenced by everything.


You are not feeling secure, safe, based off of things that are around me.


It's almost like all of this is not here. It doesn't matter.


This is what I want. On the truest level, it's a very true energy.


So it, it is devoid of earthly impact.


The problem is when you allow it to express itself without joining or merging throughout the mirror to reflect the earth, when you keep it as this thing in the void, I like my Lilith is sitting in the sixth house, it's conjunct myself, node.


I feel like I always have to work, work, work, work, work.


I feel like I have to, I want to, I need to. Why?


I don't know. I just feel like it, there's really no reason.


It's not for money, it's not for mindset, it's not for learning.


Even though it's rulers in the third house.


It's just, I feel like I have to, it's part of my identity.


Why? It's not based on anything. It's based on nothing.


But I'm really good at it because it's Lilith.


So we don't talk about the strengths.


We always talk about the challenges.


And some people like, oh, embrace your Lilith because it's your inner b***h.


Like, kind of, but not really. It's based off of nothing.


So you're being a b***h for no reason. Don't embrace that.


You know, we, we need to, um, oh my Ada, we're almost done.


Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Happy birthday. Thank you.


Oh, happy birthday. I didn't even know it was your birthday today.


Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday. Happy Birthday. Happy birthday.


She's gone guys. She left. Oh, just kidding.


Um, so the Lilith placement is, is very important.


Please tell me this is being recorded. Yes.


Uh, it's being recorded. Recording is on.


You could see in the messages, See, and there, there is silas's.


Lilith. He had to say that he has to be that guy.


And like I said, there's a positive to that because he will be that guy.


You know, he's sitting here, there's an emotional, he has an emotional attachment to the thoughts and the communication and conveying those things.


And, um, you know, especially when it, when it, I mean, we, we could break everybody's down, but when it comes to creative thinking and strategy and noticing things, 'cause it's conjunct his policy that's there.


So he is got the positive and you got your negative, right?


Um, I had to call Silas out.


I gotta bring him down a, um, but like I said, you know, there's positives, there's negatives.


The, the negative to him is, is he feels like he has to constantly overthink everything.


He has to keep thinking, he has to keep learning the basics, the learn, you know, the, the diving deeper into things because he feels like he's supposed to already know it.


And that's the downside. Is that true?


Yes. Yeah. You feel like you're supposed to already know it.


Nobody's taught you. You're like, that's, that's where the Lilith comes.


It's like, why do you expect that? It's based on nothing.


It's just what you feel. It's what you want.


It's based on absolutely nothing.


So how do you mirror that with the real world?


How do you mirror that with Earth?


Well, you have to lower that expectation first off.


And you have to say, you know, I just enjoy learning.


I'm good at learning and I'm good at being able to convey deeper messages because I've learned so much because I study, because I look for the information that I feel is personally valuable, that I have comfort in.


And because I found comfort in these different things and a way to kind of express those, even em, empathically, convey those to other people, that's a strength. Does that make sense?


Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.


So we don't want it to be obscure.


I haven't taught lith yet, but it's a fun one.


But the other one is like, where we wish we could be more free.


This one, we wish we could be more free.


We wish people understood us.


We wish that it wasn't like society's expectations on whatever.


We feel like reality gets in the way in this way.


And it brings us shame.


And when we do these things, sometimes it leads if we, if we go too far, sometimes it leads us into a place where we look back and we reflect on it and we're like, uh, maybe those thoughts, maybe those ideas weren't good.


But that's the problem is that, that shame is, is founded on nothing.


We say it's experience because we look back on it with guilt and shame.


But it's not, it's, it's literally based on nothing.


Nobody told you to be shameful.


Nobody did anything to that's, you're making that because that's the, that's the average of it.


So for you, it's like you have to understand that in this area, when it comes to this, how you view money and how you view you and taking action on things.


And as you step into it that you're going to have to, for you, because the north knows in your first house, you actually have to step into allowing yourself to have shame.


You have to start allowing yourself to do things that can be shameful but not extreme.


It's a invisible mirror to the earth.


You have to bring it back. So you're not gonna go to the extreme where it is deep shame, like, I shouldn't have done that.


But you're gonna bring it into a place of value where it's other people don't see the value the same way that you do.


Okay? You're disconnected from reality just enough to be able to do something that's yours.


This is not like Chiron, it's not insecurity, it's a different emotion.


I want to, that's Lilith. I wanna, Okay. How does that play in with obviously the order for the fourth house? So For you, there's, there's a level of personal, um, drama within the things that you want to, to express.


So it's like, I really wanna do this.


It's not, not like lith, but just in general, I really wanna do this because I feel like this is me.


Like this matches me.


That's a lot of that, that solar energy here.


'cause it's your fourth house ruler, but it's still the sun, it's still drama, it's still personality, still purpose.


So I feel like this is me. That is your purpose.


This makes me feel good. That's why I'm doing this.


Like, as long as it, I, I feel this makes me feel good.


So I'll do it and I'll do it.


'cause I wanna learn something. I wanna have the experience.


As long as it still matches this, I will do it.


But then when it hits, this one is where we have the Pluto retrograde.


Sometimes you can dive a little bit too far into it.


Sometimes you can overthink it.


So you, you get started on something and then you don't enjoy it because you start getting, you overthink it to the point where it's not fun anymore.


And that's where the shame comes in.


'cause you didn't actually do it and find the value.


You didn't make the money on it.


So think about your businesses, this feels good, this feels right.


I wanna dive into this. This is my thing.


And then as you start nurturing, your nurturing is actually conjunct with all of this energy.


So it's like, I don't think I can make money doing it this way.


I don't think I, you know, I can talk about the things that I have to, and you're starting to bring in that element of not allowing yourself to do your thing the way you want to do.


And instead of allowing yourself to, to release some of the control, that's the other problem is that some of the control is there.


So when it comes to, it's ironic that we had this conversation, but marketing, when it comes to expanding out, when it comes to publishing something and actually getting it done, it's like, oh, I gotta tweak this.


I gotta fix this, I gotta whatever.


And it's not fun anymore. It's overthinking.


You have to let some things go when it comes to mercury's energy.


So when it comes to like, um, you have to allow yourself to have fun 'cause you'll over criticize it with that Virgo.


There's a lot of that. Yeah.


And because it's the fifth house, you're over criticizing the reason, the purpose.


You're not allowing the purpose to be.


The purpose was already established. I feel good about this.


I like this.


That's the purpose. I just feel good about it. That's it.


That's, that's the order for you.


You can't get to the point where it's like, I feel really good about this.


I'm gonna do it. Uh, I don't know.


What do you mean you don't know? Everything was fine.


I don't know. I just don't, I don't have all the details.


I don't know enough. I can't teach enough.


I can't really help people because I haven't figured out my own s**t.


My self worth isn't there. I don't have enough money.


So it's this, I don't have enough money.


I don't know enough. I'm not, I'm trying to teach people whatever, something that I'm not.


And it's just a conflict.


Your Mars and your Jupiter also in conflict and this, and it's, that's the ruler.


So by the time we've hit here, you haven't even really hit here.


Half the time you got stuck here.


You didn't even allow yourself to have shame.


The shame be came from not being able to actually do it.


Sharon says, oh my god, it's making sense in my chart too.


This is why it's like super important to go from aspect to aspect.


This is where the order comes in.


If you don't have the order, you don't have astrology, You have to allow yourself to feed in your action and your spirit.


We just had this conversation. Your sense of spirituality.


Your sense of spirituality, yours, Aries pioneering me, your sense of direct spirituality that is yours without being your worst enemy when it comes to teaching coach and consulting culture and bringing that in so that you can feed that into diving deeper into the occult, into, you know, more meaning, more purpose that brings extra purpose into your services or the things that you want to do that complete the cycle for you to do something that's gonna bring money in a different way to, to allow yourself to say, I want to do it like this.


Why? I don't know. I just do.


But if, and if I do it like this, I can align it with this and boom, it's suses.


A lot of people who get into astrology don't understand this.


They just go in, we've had this conversation.


You're like, oh, I learned astrology. I'm an astrology.


I'm gonna do forecasts.


I'm going to make TikTok videos to teach you that Mars is this, that if you have Saturn in your third house, it's this or all cancer risings, I'm gonna lie to you about what's gonna happen.


You know what I mean? Like, we all do it. I've done it.


It's the title. That's the problem.


And then you've got Chiron in, in retrograde with Juno in retrograde.


You have to keep shifting it.


You gotta keep coming back to it.


When it comes to, you know, the, the long game for you, you, you can't commit to the same thing for a long time.


Never. You have to allow that to be it.


You, you can't fight that. You can't be like, I'll change.


Well You're, you like, there's, there's vibing higher and then there's, I'm gonna be someone else.


You're gonna try to be somebody, not you specifically, but when people say this, you're gonna try to be somebody else and it's gonna fail and you're gonna revert right back to who you were.


And that's gonna fail too because you didn't evolve because you're too busy trying to be something you're not.


How do you see that? He cannot commit?


Commitment is Juno.


It's in retrograde and it's also with Chiron in retrograde.


So this is commitment. You can see it in your chart and I know it because I also have Juno retrograde in Capricorn.


And um, Ashley has it in a different sign.


But, but Juno in general is commitment.


The thing that he has to commit to is his himself and his own beliefs.


And he has to reestablish what commitment actually means.


Remember the retrograde, um, webinar where we talked about you were born after Juno started going retrograde.


So the thing that we've already hit, all that time period of it was pre grade, got up to here, started going retrograde.


You've missed all that. You weren't around, you're in the middle when you were born, sorry, it's something my, my tongue.


When you were born that already happened, but you don't have any access to that.


You have no idea 'cause you weren't here.


So the energy you are imprinted with is, I'm reworking this commitment.


What commitment? I don't know. Mm-Hmm.


That's why you can't commit to anything because you don't even know what you're committing to.


But yet first thing you have to do is commit to yourself and commit to your own beliefs.


And then you have to understand that your level of commitment is by reestablish things constantly throughout your life to say, is this what I need it to be?


Need Capricorn, is this going to be long-term?


Is this gonna set my goals?


You have a moving goalpost and that moving goalpost can only be dictated by you because it's always gonna be not a long-term thing.


So you set up this business and you say, I'm gonna set up this website, I'm gonna do readings, I'm gonna do this, I in perpetuity.


And immediately you're gonna be like, f**k, I don't wanna do this anymore.


Yeah. I don't even know how many times I've changed my website, changed my name.


I don't, I've changed it so many times. I'm about to change it again.


Yeah. You have to commit to something that's yours instead of looking for something that you think other people will like.


You have to look at the thing that you're gonna like, what do you like?


I can tell you a million names and they're, they're good names, but it's not yours.


You need something with a deeper meaning. We know that.


And you are gonna name it something that you would've named it from the beginning anyway.


What was the first thing you were gonna name it?


I don't even know. Go back to that.


Can aspects have the same energy as Juno retrograde, uh, aspects to Juno?


Yes. Uh, aspects to other planets in terms of commitment.


Uh, attorney and energy in general can, can feel like that, like commitment, like sticking to something long term.


Also mercury's energy with Virgos energy there.


Whether or not you do things in, in like, um, in a, a level of, uh, like order or scheduling or time or anything like that.


So there are definitely different energies that kind of give a vibe.


Similar, I guess is how I would say it.


But Juno specifically is literally, I'm going to stick with this.


Whereas Vesta is, I'm going to devote myself to this different thing.


Commitment says, I'll do it, and these are the conditions, whatever this ninth house, Capricorn, wherever Saturn is, all that kinda stuff.


These are con the conditions for me to commit to this.


However, Vesta says, I devote myself here.


If I lose time, if I lose sleep, if I, if it costs me money, I don't care.


I'm doing this very different thing from, uh, Juno to Vesta.


Do you have any advice on balancing out the second and the eighth house?


Uh, not universally.


The second, I mean, you have to understand what it means in your, in your chart.


The eighth house is other people's talents, other people's resources.


The second house is your stuff.


The balance is realizing that you are not alone.


You are not, you're not alone.


You have to allow yourself to balance these things out.


You have to say what's mine is mine.


Now, if you have Pluto in the, in the second house, then that sense of other people's resources comes from wherever Scorpio is in your chart and the house condition as a delegate.


So what you're pulling in could be other people's resources, but of what if it's like your fourth house ruler?


It's your, your mother's stuff.


It is your, you know, things that are emotionally valuable to you.


It is, or or emotionally valuable to others, which is trauma.


It's your, your money comes from other people's trauma, not yours.


It comes from diving deeper into those things, those themes.


Spiritual in. Yeah. Right.


Have I answered all the questions?


I made a joke of it being in the shortest one now it's starting to be the longest one.


Um, it Started, I have a question, but it's astrology question.


It's just not related to anything we went over today.


So I don't know if you wanna include it in the webinar.


Well now I can't cut it off now. Go ahead.


That was great. Um, I was just curious like what is an al chart and how do I create one?


Okay, I will cut it off here. I'll say that. Yeah.


So I will answer that for you, but I'm going to stop the recording now.


So I wanna you guys stay here, but thank you everybody, uh, for being here, being a part of, um, of God.


What did we talk about today so much?


It's supposed to just be delegates and house condition, but we talked about a bunch of stuff.


I wanna thank everybody for being here and uh, we'll catch y'all on the next one.


Deuces vibe, hire all that good stuff.