Fusion Cusp Area vs Orb of Influence:


Welcome to the orb of Influence versus the Fusion Cusp area webinar.


I got through it. That's great.


Um, we are going to talk about what the difference is when a planet is sitting within a fusion cusp area, which is from 28 and a half degrees to one and a half degrees of the next sign, versus when it's sitting before 28 and a half degrees, and the orb of influence is reaching into the next sign.


So, um, the concepts are, they seem very similar on the surface until you start actually looking, um, at what we're talking about here.


So one of the main things between the two is whether or not you have a secondary ruler.


So with this example that's sitting right here, Mars is sitting at 27 degrees.


We're just using a random chart by the way.


Uh, literally just April 10th, 2025.


These are the transits on that day, 27 degrees with Mars sitting there.


Mars has a four degree orb of influence.


Um, you know, so it's already reaching into the next sign, and then it's not at 28 and a half.


So this would be an example of it sitting, uh, within the orb of influence of, of impact or reaching into the next sign, but not within the Fusion cus area.


And the main difference between those is whether or not the energies of the next sign is encapsulating the energies of the previous planet.


So when it is sitting here like this at 27 degrees, we're going to read it.


And, and because this is a, here, I'm gonna actually fix this for you guys, and it's gonna look different in a second, but I think it'll help you.


Let me get rid of the u boop and we'll just use noon.


All right. So where did it go? Now it's in the first house.


All right. So now we have, uh, cusp lines, just so that you can see those.


You don't have to imagine them at 27 degrees and four rrc minutes.


Um, in this example set, uh, Mars is gonna be sitting right here.


And, um, when you're reading it, you read it just like you would normally read it.


You would say, okay, you know, Mars, what does Mars mean?


It means, you know, action, uh, impulsivity, doing things, um, being first anything that's, you know, uh, challenging, confrontational, or, uh, sometimes combative, but, uh, what's the word?


Competitive, uh, you know, your physical body, anything like that, right?


And it's, it's an outward exerted energy because of it being a delegate, it is going to be, uh, encapsulating the energy of the 10th house.


So it's gonna have ter and qualities as well.


It's going to embody the sun.


It's gonna embody Chiron, the mid-heaven and Neptune as a delegate of the 10th house.


And that's all gonna sit here in the first house.


Now at 27 degrees and a four degree orb of influence.


We know that it reaches into the second house.


So we know that it's an Aries energy that's expressed through cancer.


And then we would normally read that to where the moon is that's sitting in the third house in Virgo, and, you know, carry on with the reading.


Then obviously we would look at the deck and say, you know, how does the Decen apply?


Whoops, zoom in. How does the decen apply?


You know, it'd be Neptune and energy.


So it's more go with the flow.


It's a bit more, um, with the themes of spirituality, creativity within things that are domesticated or emotion driven or whatever.


Because it sits so close to the second house, though, this is going to infuse its energy into the second house.


So everything that happens in the first house as it pertains to, I know you guys love that one.


As it pertains to career and Mars activity, it's going to lead directly into and basically pour its energy very slightly into the second house, which links these two houses together.


So that action, that career, that drive that is there, that's gonna be expressed through the, the, um, energy of cancer is also for the sake of value.


And that sake of value expresses itself through, uh, Leo.


So the sun is going to embody a little bit of mars's energy.


However, when you read this, you're not really going to use, not really, you're not ever going to use the sun as a secondary ruler for Mars.


Mars is going to stay. Its ruler is, um, is the moon.


It is only reaching into the next energy.


It is not mixed with it, if that makes sense.


Okay? So we're gonna say that those actions are going to be linked directly into money.


So this person, whatever they do, is always gonna have some sense of value.


And that value's gonna have purpose with how they do things.


Okay? So what we're gonna do is we're going to, we're gonna be smart about this.


We're gonna add another one.


We're gonna call it daily energy six.


'cause if I need to bounce back and forth, which I've done before, I wanna be able to do that.


So we're gonna take April, 2025, let's say maybe the 25th.


We'll keep it at noon. I'm gonna try to get the same. Um, I'm gonna try to get the same rising sign just to make it easier.


Okay? So I need to come back a little bit.


Technically I could do it here too.


So I'm gonna keep that in mind.


Okay. So here we are. We have, um, you know, the same setup.


Basically we have it a little bit later.


So this one was what? April 10th? This is April 17th.


So a week later. And we're on that verge.


Uh, you know, 29 59 would be the last degree of cancer.


But we are well within the fusion cusp area.


And what happens here is you have to imagine that this, I don't know if you can see this yet, but I'm going to put it in for you guys in a second.


This is a terrible drawing. It's much easier on my iPad.


One second. I don't think you can see this yet.


This is awful. Okay, done.


We're gonna take what I just did, and I hope, okay, this is terrible.


My daughter does better drawings than this.


But this is, just imagine for a second, the interlocking of these energies and a gradient effect from the first house seeping into the second house.


If I did this properly, it would also be two different colors.


But the second house then seeping back into the first house.


And it's reaching. We would only do a four degree and a half of each way, three total degrees, but it's reaching in and it's kind of spilling off.


And you have Mars sitting here at 29 degrees, 50 arc minutes that is sitting right in that area.


So when we're looking at these natal charts, it's very easy for us to say, oh, look, it's a nice, thin, pretty line.


And the energies butt up against each other.


This side is cancer, this side is Leo.


But that's not actually true.


Uh, in terms of degrees, in terms of actually being in that sign, yes, 100%, absolutely.


But in terms of the way energies work, they actually interlock it's energy.


It pulsates its fluid, it's malleable. It's just like light.


If you shine two lights next to each other, you're gonna have spill off in the middle, a red light and a a, uh, a blue light is gonna have a purple overlay if they, you know, come across if they're too close to each other, right?


It's the same type of vibe that you're gonna get here.


To read this, you're gonna do exactly the same thing you did before, but you're gonna add one component.


So this Mars at 29 degrees is still by orb of influence, um, reaching in.


But to be completely honest, that only really matters if there's another planet over here.


If there's no other planet, the orb of influence is kind of irrelevant because it's already sitting within the fusion cusp area, which means it's already blending the area.


The energy's from the second house, from the first house into the second house, and the energies of the first house pulling the second house in.


'cause there's that overlap. So what you're doing is you're reading, um, the Sun, because it's the ruler of Leo.


You're reading this as a secondary ruler.


You're reading the moon as the primary ruler, because it is definitively in the first house.


It is a first house placement, but because it's in that fusion cusp area, it's blending the energies of the second house.


And as a result, the sun becomes a second ruler for Mars.


So in this, for instance, we are gonna look for the moon.


The moon is in Sagittarius for this one, and the sun is up here in, uh, Aries.


And this is why 29 degree, you know, 28 and a half, 29 0, and one and a half.


These degrees are harder to read.


And a lot of people miss a lot of context is because you are not only, um, you're not only adding energies, but you're intensifying energies because you don't have one set of energies, you have two, they're overlapping.


So there's a density to it, and that density is adding additional information, additional power.


I don't like to put strength to planets because the planet technically doesn't have any additional strength, but it is influencing two areas at the same time.


And because they're overlap, it's hitting multiple energies.


And because it's hitting through multiple energies, it intensifies the planet itself is not any stronger than normal.


It's just that it's, it's hitting more things in your chart at the same exact time through a single point.


So this energy here goes into the sixth house.


We read it as such, but because of this, we're gonna say from the first house through my actions, I also affect my, um, my value, how I make money, and that attributes directly into my career.


And this will be different if it were at 27 degrees, because while it influences over and that energy is carried forward, it's not through the direct actions themselves.


It is just kind of a byproduct of my, my actions tend to lead to this, as opposed to when it's in the fringe area, or I'm sorry, when it's in the fusion cusp area, it is directly influencing that.


So your actions that you take through are through can Syrian energy through the six house.


It's still going to be read the same way.


You're still, uh, putting your energy into service, to others, into health, into, um, all of that that feeds through Jupiter.


But it is also at the same time, through a secondhand motion and a simultaneous motion influencing your value, your money, and somebody who has a 29, uh, degree when they, when they do things, their career themselves, you might see a career, somebody with a career.


Um, ironically we talk about how funny it is that they say Leo Risings all have their bankers, right?


But this might actually be one and, um, not necessarily because of this energy, but, um, because the fusion cusp area does go into, uh, money and value and whatnot.


So you're gonna read those in that way.


Now, I'm also going to take this and flip it.


Like I said, the sun becomes a secondary ruler.


In that case, I'm gonna flip it to the 20th.


And now we have the opposite.


Now, for this, for instance, I'm going to ignore the ascendant for a second.


It is sitting right there. It is in the fusion cusp area.


And this is important. I'll come back to the ascendant because we should probably learn how to do that with angles as well.


Mars is now in the second house, your focus and energy towards value, money, self-worth, tangible items, anything that is like art through entertainment, which would be the second house through Leo and how that fuses.


Now we have that di going directly through, in this case now to the 11th house because the sun is now in Taurus.


But because it's in the fusion cusp area, it is also mixing in the sense of self, the physical body.


And you're going to experience, um, more of the, um, the energies of, of action, of career that are going to be based on, you know, what you do and you physically doing something.


Whereas if it was sitting, if Mars was sitting at two degrees, three degrees, four degrees, um, and, and it's just influencing the first house, it's not going to envelop your actions.


And Mars is probably the worst example for that.


But, you know, we're talking about Mars energy in the first house, which is also Aries energy.


If it was, say, Venus, right?


And Venus is influencing your second house, would be strictly for, you know, at six degrees would be strictly for value, making money, having possessions.


Once it starts hitting up at like one degree, five arc minutes, it is now affecting your physical body.


It is affecting what you look like it is affecting, um, uh, it is affecting your actions and your motivations because it's within that energy.


This obviously is a conjunction that goes through both.


And like I said before, this affects your physical body, right?


Because it's sitting at one degree, this person is gonna have additional Mars traits, which wouldn't normally show because Mars is not in the first house, but you're going to see it.


It's going to affect their height, perhaps their hairline, perhaps the tone of their skin, and it's gonna come from the Taurus energy.


So it's bleeding those two energies together.


Um, in terms of the ascendant, you do the same exact thing.


The ascendant is your motivations.


It's the purpose of your drive.


It's the reason why you do it, and what brings life to the things that you want to do and brings the purpose to it.


So the ascendant sitting in that Neptune deck and of cancer is going to, uh, let's ignore Mars for a second.


Pretend Mars isn't here for just a moment.


Um, obviously the conjunction is pulling it all together and intensifying this energy.


But the ascendant would be, your motivations would be blended in with value.


Your motivations are not for value.


They are still through Cancerian energies and you doing things, but it would be blended in with value.


You would only do it if it made sense materially.


It would only do it if you made sense where there was some sort of recognition through the things that you have or the, or the, um, or the money that you make if it was something that could be expressed.


So that's the general gist of those two.


Like I said, it's a pretty simple concept, but I'm going to use this as more of a feedback, um, to see how, if this made sense the way I explained it, and if there's further clarification you need or further examples.


Does anybody have any questions?


You can turn your mic on. Carly, You know me and questions, dude, Let's do it.


Okay. So my question is, if the north node was in that cusp, do you have to look at the moon as well, because it's derived off the moon?


No. Okay. That's it.


Oh, I thought it was a complicated question, Carla.


Well, it it was complicated in my head.


No. Um, when, when you assess the north node, you do have to assess it with the moon in terms of not how it's linked to the moon, but as like, um, a math equation.


Okay? Your north node does not work without your moon placement, Right? Gotcha.


So whenever, yeah, so whenever you're looking at like, wherever your north node sits and factoring everything in, you also have to look at your moon because you are not going to do anything without your moon, Right?


Especially because they're based off of the same energies, but they do act independently.


So with both the north node and Chiron in that fusion cusp, it would go both ways.


Both houses, Yes. Okay.


Is that in your chart?


Yes. Can I pull your chart up? I think that was a, yes.


That was an of course.


Oh, of course. All right, cool. All right.


So for up here, um, so this one is not in the fusion cusp area.


This one is in the fusion cusp area. Okay.


Um, so because it's 28 and a half to one and a half, okay.


Um, so these three, but they are conjunct.


So you have to break this down piece by piece.


And this is where when you're looking at these things, it becomes a bit more intricate.


Mm-hmm. When you have Chiron here, Chiron, the weaknesses with it, the, um, the insecurities that come with Chiron, but also the authenticity that comes with it is sitting on the border of your eighth house and your ninth house.


So what does that mean for you?


It means that the things that didn't go so great, let's, let's talk about trauma since that's your book.


Yeah. Right?


The traumas that have happened in your book, and obviously the eighth house means a whole bunch of things, but the traumas that have happened in your life are mixed in with aggression, expansion on aggression, which means it becomes big heated arguments, big, um, big issues over authority and, uh, and, and long enduring, uh, huge.


Oh my goodness. Right?


And this is the difference between Chiron sitting two degrees earlier, Right? And Chiron sitting at 29.


And this is why, by the way, this whole thing came up because, and I'm gonna finish reading this because there, you have to now house the north node factor in because there's a conjunction, right?


But this whole thing, actually, let me, let me finish this and then remind me.


I'm gonna tell you how it came about.


Um, Kyron sits at, at at 29.


So it's, it's definitely eighth house.


The insecurities are definitely eighth house related, but they're also ninth house related, because that energy is spilling in, it's just coming from the lens of the eighth house.


Mm-hmm. So it's affecting that, that ninth house, and it's part of that ninth house, which means chiron's ruler is not just because it's in the fusion cusp area.


It's not just Neptune, but it's also Mars. Yes.


All of this is sitting here in your fourth house of subconscious trauma.


It's sitting down here when it comes to family, when it comes to your mother.


Mm-hmm. Especially when it comes to, you know, culture and your own culture, the way that you see culture.


Right. So with the north node though, it's connecting that energy back in and putting an extra emphasis for you in that ninth house energy where Saturn, Vesta, all this other stuff is Fama.


Um, and it's saying that, you know, within the, the first decade of Aries, it's saying that this energy is hard for you to be comfortable with, hard for you to grasp most of your life.


Mm-hmm. It takes you out of your comfort zone.


It, it, it's, it literally opposes your default settings, which means there's more of a, there's more of a, I know this is happening.


I know it's, it's likely going to continue, but I don't know why it's happening.


I don't know how to stop it.


Yeah. Because it's sitting in opposition over here, and then obviously we have some other stuff going on, but it's sitting in opposition, and then you have additional Jupiter energy, which again expands it out.


Right. Okay. Makes sense.


Um, but it says that the north node, you know, through this, and remember, it's Chiron, then the north node in the order.


Um, it's saying that the north node is to, is to feed your insecurities, to feed your authenticity, to feed what you've experienced, uh, in that way into what you are supposed to grow into emotionally and, um, in terms of, uh, spiritual growth.


Yes. And that is ninth house energy.


It's to combine eighth and ninth house energy to do it through ninth house energy, so that it can be teaching, coaching, consulting, storytelling, expanding on something that becomes yours, that becomes some sort of platform.


Yes. Some sort of foundation.


Something that is a healing space where you go deeper and then that makes you money, that brings you self-worth value. Mm-hmm. All of that.


Yeah. So would that also put Fama in the inclusion prosperity?


Yes. Okay.


So that means it's going in with tradition.


It's going and how tradition sits in your chart.


And it's going, you know, in with, um, from the ninth house, remember that's important from the ninth house, it's bleeding in energy of public image reputation.


Fama already has a little bit to do with that anyway, but it's bleeding those energies in from the ninth house.


And it's important that you know that it's from the ninth house because Mars is the ruler still.


Correct. However, Venus becomes a secondary ruler, which takes us right on back into Right on back, Deeper research and not being like anybody else in this area.


Yeah. That's Also shared stuff, bringing other people in on it.


Yeah. Still working on it, But not directly.


That's a work in progress right there.


Well, it's chiron's not easy.


The 11th. That makes it difficult for me.


Which one? 11th.


The 11th house I have issues on.


Oh, always have With you have issues with what? I'm sorry, you cut out.


Well, okay.


So like bringing other people in, you know, like a collaboration type thing or group type thing, that kind of stuff.


No, because Chiron's there.


So it's not like when you think collaboration, remember Chiron always says we are not Saturn, right?


So we don't do things like other people.


And every word that you use to describe wherever Chiron is in your chart will always be somewhat wrong.


So it's not about bringing other people in collaboratively, like, Hey, we're all gonna work on this together, uh, chiron's there.


So it's more like we're going to, you know, bring people in because you have a, you have shame around community.


Mm-hmm. You have shame around, uh, even technology and, and having your own future goals and being able to speak on that.


Mm-hmm. And then that leads into your relationships.


It leads into how you interact one-to-one your business, whether or not your business can thrive, which forms a semis textile to Venus.


And within Venus's energy is Chiron Chiron's in the fusion cusp area Me out, dude. It's All there. But this semis exile is one of the harder ones. Yes.


'cause it's obviously, it's bringing in your south.


No, it's bringing all that, and it's, it's saying that your, there's healing that is necessary from your default positioning, um, from different things that you've experienced in your life that's kind of made you feel like you're supposed to know certain things.


You're supposed to say certain things.


And it's like, well, yes, you are supposed to speak those things.


You are supposed to interact with other people, but it has to be in favor of what is a relationship.


It has to be in favor of what, what is the actual value of this in the way that it's worked for me?


Which is something that I can then teach and inspire, Right? Yeah.


It can't be any sort of comparison, and it's not the, even the money, there's like free type of vibes in there, which can be really challenging for you.


Yeah. It's like, I, I'm giving some of this away, but you can sometimes feel like you have to give all of it away.


Yeah. But you're not supposed to give all of it away.


You're supposed to find your own way to be able to, um, you know, create what you're creating so that you are bringing other people in on what you're doing.


Not as a collaboration, but more of as like as they come type of energy.


Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha. That makes sense.


Yeah. It's not like a, yeah, it's not like a partnership in a business that already conflicts. Yeah.


It can't do it. Yeah. No, it just doesn't work.


Tried it, been there, done that.


Well, and it has to feed in, like I said, to when it comes to how money is handled, when, how the relationship is, uh, whether or not the other person's as committed as you are.


And because that will never happen for you.


The other person will never be as committed to your own.


Cause I mean, that's business in general, right?


Nobody loves your business as much as you, but in this type of energy, you, the alchemy is not to say, how do I make somebody, you know, love my business as much as I it is never gonna happen.


No, Uhuh, These energies are always going to exist this way.


So you have to say, well, what does Chiron in the north node mean for me?


How does that feed in with Venus being first, but ultimately hitting this?


And then how do I feed, you know, my communication, uh, what I really want out of community?


How do I feed that into the value of, you know, things that I already know, uh, how I've, you know, had relationships and communication and, and even contracts and business in the past, things that I can teach to people that it's not that I'm necessarily teaching them one-to-one, but through our collaborations, we are helping each other.


Kind of like in Mystic Circle, you've been helping some people with digital marketing. Yeah.


Which Is all this stuff. That's it.


Which you're not, that's not what you're getting paid on.


A lot of them bought your book.


Right? So e it's not a one-to-one exchange, which is feeds into this.


This is a positive manifestation of this.


And this is, by the way, this is really important stuff because I mean, obviously not just because we're talking about fusion cusp areas and orbs of influence and all that stuff, but because every single chart is so highly intricate that if, you know, when you do 30 minute readings for somebody, 60 minute readings, two hour readings, it's not enough time.


It doesn't matter how many of these readings I do.


It is just, I can't hit everything.


And I talk pretty fast when I'm in a reading.


Like I try to bounce, bounce, bounce, get to it, and give you as much value as possible.


But you just, there's too much.


It's never, it's never, there's Too much going on to get so detailed and intricate.


Right. Why you learn it?


Because you can spend your time on your chart.


You spend your time on your chart and you say, okay, yeah.


Uh, Tanya said, how do we know where to stop?


Um, intuition, you stop when you get an answer. Right?


The problem is that most people want to keep going and digging to see where else it leads.


But if I've already got my answer, I don't care where the rest of it leads.


Unless I seriously need more detail.


That's my energy. Keep going.


A lot of us have that, you know, it's that plutonian energy.


Yeah. I'm the keep going girl.


You, you have, when you hit that energy, the only reason that I ever go, I always let you know why I called it layering.


Oh, one layer at a time, like an onion. Yeah.


I called it layering as as opposed to like, I fixed, in my opinion, I fixed diss leadership.


Diss leadership was weird. Yeah.


But I liked what they were trying to do.


I just thought you are skipping a lot of things along the way.


So I, the reason why when I thought that, I said layer it one layer at a time, figure out what this means before you move on.


That's what the layering's supposed to be.


I figure out this energy, what's this?


Venus, give me all the information on this venous placement.


So when I understand this venous placement, cool.


I got that. Now what? Well, chiron's in there too.


Well, what does that mean? Well, first off, it's, you know, what, 17 or so degrees away?


Well, what is 17 degrees away?


First off, I know that it means two separate deens, but I also know that distance is time in astrology.


I don't know if I've taught this before, but distance is time.


Mm-hmm. So the closer two planets are, the sooner they'll interact with each other, the sooner they'll interact with transits.


Right. The further they get away, even within the same energy, the more time will pass before that second thing kicks in.


Right. Gotcha. Okay.


Um, and that's why we want to be able to take every single detail we can get.


I know that Chiron is not conjunct Venus, so it's not that my insecurities are tied directly into my relationships.


It doesn't mean that, you know, I have to have a relationship that needs fixing.


Although you may feel that sometimes.


No, don't get me started.


For you, it's more like I get in the relationship and then I find out, oh s**t, I need to fix this. Yeah, Exactly. Right.


The time passes between those two, it's in the same energy.


There might be red flags or yellow flags or whatever along the way.


Right. But it happens later.


And then it becomes a big thing and a big focus of your life.


God. Yes. And then you get immersed, it's, and then you're like, I don't know what to do.


Mm-hmm. Yeah. And then you feel like you're stuck.


You have just explained the first 40 years of my life Astrology.


I know, by the way, totally different now.


But yeah, that's definitely rings through.


So, um, yeah. Uh, what was I gonna say?


Why? Oh, why this came about?


Yeah. Why did it come about?


I forgot my, what I was saying, The, I totally lost my train of thought.


Where was the onion thing? There was layers.


Oh yes. Fusion cusp, fusion cusp areas.


Uh, this whole thing came about because, uh, retic degrees and critical degrees is a big thing in traditional astrology.


And when I got to it, I just had a gut feeling that that didn't make any sense.


'cause they would, I don't like when you dwell on something I don't like when somebody dwells on something and explains away everything with a, well, it's at 29 degrees, so, you know, whatever.


I was like, why? Why does 29 degrees matter?


Why do you keep saying zero in 29 degrees?


Why do you keep saying that? Oh, it's an antic degree.


I get that you're calling it that, but give me some sort of proof.


Like, tell me why I need the mechanics of it.


Nobody can answer that question.


So then I started looking at it and I started realizing that it's not just 29 degrees.


It kind of seeps into the 28 degree marker.


And if any of you guys have gone through your progressions, when something hits 28 and a half degrees, it feels like 29 degrees.


It feels like 29 and a half degrees.


You are sitting there like this needs to end.


You feel that, you feel that other energy creeping in.


You're like, I'm ready to move on.


And it's like, why do you feel that?


You know, it's not necessarily the orb of influence.


Like that's definitely reaching into the next, but it doesn't, the reason why it feels like you're supposed to be in the next energy is because you are in the next energy.


Right. When you hit 28 and a half degrees, the other energy seeping in, you're in it, you're in that mix.


So it's a transition time.


But if it's in your natal chart, you can't always be transitioning.


The planets aren't moving. It's a snapshot.


So you are blending at that point. Mm-hmm.


So that's where it all came from. It's like retic degrees.


If you go back and research what retic means, it's some variant of fate and fortune, destiny, karma, all of those things.


It's like, I don't subscribe to that.


So I need, I need something that I can explain this away, but also when I see it, I know what it means.


I know how it's gonna play out.


And that's where fusion cusp area came.


And then it was a combination of everybody being like, I was born on a cusp.


No, you weren't. You were born near a cusp.


The one comment that you made to me that really helped me between the eighth and ninth house was that the ninths house was my life story.


Mm-hmm. That made a difference.


Yeah. Hugely.


Yeah. Your 28 degree down here, by the way, is a good example of it's so close.


Yes. And it, you know, and I believe the energy does this.


Um, so I, I feel that every once in a while you'll probably feel the mixture of these energies a bit stronger.


Yeah. Um, but it's, you know, its orb of influence is reaching into the fifth house.


So all your fourth house matters, reach in and affect your mother, affects your father.


Your mother affects your, your childhood.


Your mother affects your poor expression.


But it's doing so from Neptune's energy, which is sometimes delusion, sometimes, uh, diving deeper when you didn't want her to, uh, maybe overstepping her boundaries.


Oh, yeah. Feeling like, you know, there's, there's the, the deep bond that you wanted, you didn't get, you felt more like an outsider in terms of like being, uh, you know, isolated from her, especially emotionally.


Mm-hmm. But it's also Told you I'm working on that book.


There you go. Um, but yeah.


And it links these two houses, but not in the same way as the cusp area does.


Right. Because the, when you look at Jupiter, yes.


We're factoring a little bit of the fourth house in there.


Mm-hmm. There's influence from the fourth house.


But when, if Neptune was just a little further, we would have to factor in the fourth house.


Right. You know, Neptune in the fourth house, not the whole fourth house, because we're not talking about Pluto, but we are factoring in this energy either way, just whether or not it becomes part of the ruler ship or not.


Yeah. That was awesome. Thank you.


So orb of You're welcome.


So orb of influence equals effect fusion cusp areas work with.


Yes. And as long as you remember the fusion cusp area still operates within its own rulership within its own house.


The, the challenge with this, uh, when I first realized this theory is that I tried to explain it to somebody and they were still trying to be like, okay, so it's the other house.


I said, no, it's not. It's sitting at 29 degrees.


It is not the other house.


It's blending the energies of that house into the fourth.


So, or, or, you know, eighth or ninth or whatever.


So, you know, if I go back to, to Carly's Chiron placement, then the ninth house energies are, are fusing into the eighth.


The, the pinpoint is happening in the eighth house.


Like if you were to take overlapping papers mm-hmm.


And you were to put 'em, actually overlap them just a little bit.


Right. And you were to take, you know, there's a line here and a line here, and you were to take a pin and put it, what side of the line is that pin sitting right to me to be the cusp areas?


Which line, if it's here or if it's a here, that's probably the better way to say it.


Right. So I put a pin in here, here's the cusp line, it's here.


The energies are happening definitively on this side of that line versus this side.


But they are overlapping.


Right. So Therefore that energy is seeped in.


One last question, if you don't mind.


Yeah. Um, nemesis eleventh's house.


Uh, not, it's neither for you. Nemesis doesn't have a Yay.


No, it's, first off, it's retrograde.


Yeah. That's already a tough one.


'cause nemesis is where your own, your own, you are your own worst enemy.


Yes.


Yes. But, or you see other people as enemies when they're not.


Yes. Um, but also when it's retrograde, it's like you, not only are you your own worst enemy, but you do it where no one knows you're your own worst enemy.


Exactly. And obviously the effects eventually go outward because, um, yeah.


Your mercury is direct, so they don't see the cause of it.


Your, you know, uniqueness, quirkiness, you know, within that 11th house energy.


But, um, yeah. I mean, that's a whole other thing.


Eventually I'll get to these asteroids, it'll be fun. I'm actually, Few of us have been talking about nemesis and ESIS a lot later.


Uh, yes. I've done a lot of work on these asteroids.


I still have some I want to do.


It's kinda like the Chiron conundrum for me. Yeah.


Is Chiron was, was presented as the wounded healer.


And I'm like, no, it's not like the idea of the wounded healer first off comes off a mythology.


And if you want, if you read the mythology, it's a lovely story.


It's cool story. It does not play into anybody's actual life.


Right. The idea of Chiron in the wounded healer is that you can't heal yourself.


Mm-hmm. Well, there is like an odd roundabout truth to that because it is where this energy is breaking down and you can't fix it.


Mm-hmm. But it's not supposed to be fixed.


And that's the thing with Chiron is it highlights a, it highlights an area where you are in process of figuring out something different that doesn't work for anybody else.


Right? Yeah. Like there's a really cool positive in there.


And if you just keep thinking it's a wound that you can't heal, but I can help others, then it just becomes this spiritual thing.


Spiritual conjecture at this point.


But moreover, it doesn't really apply.


I heard somebody talk about, I can't remember her name.


It's an astro, a female astrologer from a while back, and she said, Chiron's the Rainbow Bridge.


And she was saying that it connects the personal planets with the outer planets.


And I said, that makes absolutely no sense with the astronomical doctrine of signatures.


That's Chiron's orbit.


It doesn't even come within Jupiter's sphere.


Jupiter's an outer planet.


So how can you connect Mercury, the moon, sun, Venus, Mars with any of this?


That doesn't make any sense. So I had to, so I was left with nothing with Chiron.


I had to go back and like, use this and use the, the a, the astronomy of it, and then just kind of like, really kind of pull it together and be like, and then test the theories and be like, ah, I see it.


So I had to do the same thing with like, all of these Hygeia, baruna, Nessus nemesis, even Lili still. Wait, I'm still waiting on Seline Seline.


I'm dying to know what that is. Dude.


I'll get to that one soon. Celine's a good one.


Celine's a a, a positive.


It's, uh, I'll give you a quick, uh, without getting any detail at all.


It's what connects us to the real world, uh, usually on an emotional level.


Oh. That we kind of connects us to our, our earthly gifts.


Gotcha. Uh, when you get into here, this, when I started looking into like the, the geometry and everything here, I called this the invisible mirror for Yeah.


And that is because this cannot operate.


Like no matter how much we embrace this, obviously there's another webinar on this, but no matter how much we embrace this empty focus Black moon, it will never play out for you.


You have to reflect it back on how does that apply to me?


How does that apply to the things I have to do? Mm-hmm.


And you find that reflective property back in.


But that's, you know, another thing that I had to figure that out.


And, um, a lot of the stuff, there's, there's so much talk on Lilith that's like, it's always sexual.


It's like there is a primal nature to that.


But you know, if you've got Lilith in Scorpio or Lilith in the fifth house, or Lilith in, you know, like I do Lilith in in Sagittarius, it is gonna take those desires and expand them.


So yeah, it's gonna feel like, oh, this is a lot.


Right. But yeah. Anyway, That Was great. Um, I got a lot of stuff. What happened?


Tanya felt like she was called out when I said I was born on a cusp.


Um, I used to read that 29 and zero meant past Life Karma.


Oh, that's because that's the way it's taught.


But no, you know, when people kept saying that the Reic degrees, I'm like, where'd you get that from?


Oh, well I read it in a book. It's not good enough.


Where did you get that from? Prove it.


Prove that that's life, past life karma.


If you can't prove it, it's not good for me.


And that's just how I view things.


Because I just need to be, if I'm going to show up and be like, this is what this means, I better back that ish up.


That's how I feel. And if I can't prove myself, I'm a washout.


Imagine you're Celine and true Lilith in the same house.


I know that.


Yeah. You're Celine and Tru Lith in the same house.


That'd be interesting.


Well, it's on the fusion cusp, right?


What's that? On the fusion cusp, isn't it?


Yeah. And yours is retrograde. So it's inward. Mm-hmm.


Uh, and reflective. Yeah, I was saying that because that's where I have that both, both of them are in the third house.


Can I pull up your chart? Uh, yeah, sure.


I mean, you don't have to like read it or anything 'cause that's not what this webinar's about, but Sure.


No, I just wanna see your, your example real quick on They're conjunct almost.


They're close. Damn girl.


Yeah. Well, when I start talking about this, I think you'll be super interested in how that plays out.


Mine's not, but Selene's with my delegate of the Lilith, it's crazy.


It is crazy. This is gonna be a Fun one. Are we have two different selene's.


Uh, there's an asteroid and then there's a mathematical point.


Oh, okay. I'll get to that.


Because I was wondering because I, when I pulled mine up, mine was still in the third house, but it's at 15 degrees and I'm like, why is it saying something different?


Yeah. You're probably pulling up the other version of it.


Okay. Uh, a DS Yes.


Uh, nemesis Moon, I have my moon.


I have my moon. Uh, 0 0 1 12th house.


Would that be why I don't know what I'm feeling sometimes because there's an element of detachment from it.


Yes. Anita, can I pull up your chart? Yeah, Go ahead.


You can stay on if you want to ask.


Yeah, yours is right there. Yeah.


So you have that semis sec.


Well, first thing is you have that semis, sex tile to the ascendant.


So how you feel about things and your security.


Um, I mean, well first off, the 12th house can be very much like, I don't know what I'm feeling.


Yeah. Um, but then you might write it off.


You'd be like, I don't know what I'm feeling. Whatever.


Yeah. Yeah. That's the 11th house coming in.


It's like, I want to know what I'm feeling.


I'm feeling some kind of way I feel sensitive about something.


Especially, you know, interacting with certain other people.


Um, and then, you know, that there could be that criticism, that level of criticism that comes in through that detachment.


Like whatever it's not worth it or whatever you suck or whatever it comes out as.


Um, especially since you're basically taking nemesis and nessus energy and feeding it slightly into your moon placement as well, which can create a situation where you end up not processing your emotion and not letting go of things you should let go of.


Yep. That was real quiet.


Yeah. So we want, we wanna identify these cycles so that you can intellectualize that through feeling it, through releasing it, 'cause those energies work together.


And then for you through physical activity, um, is really important.


Something where you work on yourself, something where you transform yourself.


Something where you can really dive into something that is allowing you to connect and tap into the emotions.


And you have that twice. Mm-hmm.


Um, well that's not really a semis.


Sex talks outside the orb. So you have that once you're so close though, Would you count that you would Right.


No, I wouldn't count this. Okay.


Three, three and a half zero. Almost completely.


It's an extra half degree away. I wouldn't count it.


But because of this, and then this energy and mercury being retrograde, it does give you a different spin because what's Mercury retrograde the ruler of this.


Right. And that's in the fusion cusp.


So essentially the ruler of your moon and the secondary ruler of your moon are together and one of them is in retrograde.


So it creates a conflict that works together, but you have to feed that back into intensity into whatever you're doing and allowing yourself to revisit emotion.


Yeah. I tend to process it by going back on like how I felt about something and then reworking and then rethinking to, you know, kind of Invent that. Yeah. We just wanna make sure that that doesn't end up in a, an endless loop.


'cause not only do you have the retrograde, but you have it as Scorpio.


Yeah. And that Mercury retrograde is also pulling in my Caron retrograde Damn girl.


I know, I know. It Has to, it's a lot of, that's a lot of power though.


That's a lot of power when you, when you learn how to, um, to, to take your resilience in the way that you have that added resilience in, in individuality and feeding that into your own goals.


Yep. Yep.


Because you have, not only do you have it in here in your actions and your motivations and why you do things, but then you actually have that trying that comes here and then that sun is coming off of your mean Lilith.


Yep. So this type of energy is, you gotta accept that you're different.


Like you're weird and, but you have to accept, you know, that when we say we are weird, we mean it obviously lovingly, but we mean it in a way that should be empowering.


That should remind you of your strength.


Tanya said, you're a badass b***h too.


We love weirdo Anita. Yes.


And, and not having that insecurity within that and allowing yourself to, for the people you choose, actually it's, it's, it's more than that.


Taking those more taboo elements that you maybe have seen as weaknesses and the things that you're interested in and pouring that into your activities and allowing yourself to do those things for yourself and then bring other people in on it.


That's what that more that Mercury retrograde can do is bring people in on what you are doing instead of you trying to figure out where you fit in.


Yeah. Work in progress.


We're all work in progress. You're doing great.


Um, any other traffic jam?


Uh, my saline is part of a traffic jam in my 10th.


Would 1 38 be fusion cusp? Technically no.


But like I said, energy's pulsate in the gradient.


And this is where I've determined the fusion cusp area to be.


I have not noticed it. To extend beyond that.


Um, we would have to do a series of questions and then find somebody else with a similar placement to find those series of questions.


It's right there. You should be happy that it's not though.


You, do you want me to pull it?


You want me to pull up your chart?


Sorry, on mute before you answer.


Uh, yeah, it's Jupiter. You can pull up the chart.


Oh. So, uh, Jupiter is definitely, uh, what do you call it, orb of influence, Nine toes.


Ah, hidden in that little mix. Yeah.


So technically, technically, if we're using a strict 28, your mid heavens outside of it, your Jupiter's technically outside of it, but these two are conjunct anyway.


Mm-hmm. Um, so you, you have a similar influence.


It's just not as heavy, so to speak.


Yeah. Um, and then you have a loaded six house.


So, you know, this is, this becomes the challenge when you're looking at theories and you're like trying to test things.


Is this accurate? Is this not accurate?


If I were to just say something like, oh, do I feel this heavily between, you know, the eighth house and the ninth house, it's like, well, you've got Pluto and a semis, sextile to Saturn, Saturn's in the sixth house, six house rulers up here, conjunct midheaven. Of course you do.


Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's, It's kind of one of the things I realized when I was trying to figure out how to do a birth time rectification is like, what question can I ask to whittle down where this ascendant point is?


Once I figured out where the houses are, that is not showing up to other places in the chart.


Exactly. Tanya related energies.


And that, that was always the challenge with birth time rectifications.


It took me a while to be able to take a three hour birth time rectification, which I think is pretty good for when I was a beginner at it, and whittle that down to anywhere between 30 and 60 minutes to do a birth time rectification.


And I wanna whittle it down further.


I'm looking for like, definitive points.


Progressions are helpful, but when you're talking about somebody who hasn't hit one yet, it becomes challenging not to get off track here.


Um, also you have your Jupiter in a square with your, um, your mean Lilith over here, your mean Lilith.


Mm-hmm. Though, have you looked at this bad boy?


We looked at the, at a, the last webinar.


Did we talk about Berry of it?


Um, I can't remember.


Yeah. So this is one of those ones that, obviously it's with Chiron, but it is, it is bringing in and attributing to your ninth house energy. Mm-hmm.


So it's Attributing to Jupiter in two ways.


One ju Jupiter leads into it, but then it feeds itself back into Jupiter through the 11th house from the 12th House through the 12th house through the 12th, the 11th House Energy from the 12th house.


Mm-hmm. Yeah. So we're not, we're, and we're not mixing in, we with 11th House Energy.


So when we're looking at the 11th House energy with a fusion cost barrier, we're not considering Lilith until the end.


Yeah.


Yeah. That's fun. This, this one is the one it, when it comes to, um, you know, groups in society, when, or not society, I gotta get that word out.


Society is the 10th house, uh, in, in my classes.


I think I say 11th house because that's the way I was taught.


And you're, you're seeing over time where I'm like, Nope, that was wrong.


This, nope, that was wrong.


This, um, when we say society, what do we mean? The public?


So I don't know why the 11th House was ever assigned as society.


Society is, unless you're talking about a society, but when we say it colloquially we mean mm-hmm.


Everything. Yeah. Mm-hmm.


So it's actually Capricorn that rules society, you know, community is the 11th house.


'cause it's a, a subsect.


It is a bunch of people who are together, who are unique, who think different than the 10.


Okay. Any other questions here?


No, that's all. Thank you.


Cool, cool. Played the lottery Girl Mean Lilith at 0 0 0.


That's just a, that's just a, like you waited long enough to come out in this world just to have a, a 12th house of Lilith.


Like you were like, I'm not having that 11th house nonsense.


Like, I'm still gonna be here through the fusion cusp area, but I'm over here like Mercury's my band.


Uh, cool. Are, is that all?


Oh, so when two planets are both within the, okay, so come on Tanya, let's do it.


So like for me, like the second and the third house, even like the south node and the moon are both within the fusion cusp area, right?


Mm-hmm. Yes. They're also conjunct, Right? So two pull, so the planet, they're like two pulls in three and three pulls in two, like if, depending on Vantage.


Correct. Okay. Yes.


And then obviously they also work together Right On top of that.


So you have, and this, this is a really good example.


Like I said, your chart is like, your chart should be in like the final certification course.


Your chart's got a lot of these things in here.


Good practice for me Ing. Yeah.


I had a, um, when I was doing the TikTok lives, I had a guy, his name was Jack, who showed up and like, nobody could read his chart.


And even I, when I got to his chart, I had to be like, all right, hold up.


'cause his energies, it had a similar thing going on with like Quinn Coxes with the ruler coming back in and being conjunct back in it.


And then like a semis sextile with another Quin cos back to the original planet.


And, um, you know, they're, they're challenging because you have to, you have to stop and you have to go back to Planet sign, house ruler.


Like, you have to break it down like that.


That's why I created that order.


I said, there's, there's a difference between saying Pluto's energy.


I mean, you have Pluto there, but Pluto's energy feeding into the moon versus the moon feeding into Pluto.


Same thing with like Venus Square, the ascendant versus the ascendant square Venus.


And this boggles my mind that, um, like you have the ascendant squaring with Uranus retrograde, it boggles my mind that nobody before this ever said, you know what, that's different than if Uranus was squaring off of the ascendant or take two planets and reverse 'em.


Um, but with this energy here, you have to break it down to say, okay, obviously you, well, you can start with the moon if you want to, but you could, you, I would start with the south node.


Say, what's the south node mean?


My default settings, my relationship with my, uh, my family, the things that kind of, uh, keep me here, keep me back type of energy.


But this is where a lot of my strengths come in.


Comes in through talents.


And then I follow Venus real quick, and then it's in the fusion cusp area, which means the third house.


The way that I think my, um, my thoughts and the fact that I dive deeper into all of my thoughts and obsess over my ideas, obsess over my thoughts, that it is linked in with value in design, logo.


You know, that logo that you're doing right now and whether or not you consistently feel comfortable with it because it brings in that second house is there is that value bringing me comfort.


That's why it's personal, but it's also, I keep revisiting it because I'm looking for the value behind it.


I'm looking for the relatability.


That's why you're like, what does it make, does, let me put it in circle and get some feedback because you've Taken that. I wanna know how it makes other people feel. Right?


Which is this, not any of this, this is how we know the fusion cusp area is very real.


Mm-hmm.


And I'm using, its, its community.


'cause it comes from the 11th house. So using, Right. And there's of saying, this is before I make it public, but I want to know, what do you think Gini?


And, and that's why I ask people, like, that's why I ask like, where do we stop?


Because it's like all of this energy, like the moon in the south node there, they all tie in with the 11th house, but then that all ties in with the 10th house and so on and so forth. So one Of the things that you're gonna have to realize is, you know, you're gonna do this, you're gonna get feedback, you know, you're gonna get people saying or thinking whatever, and then that's going to, this is where the challenge for you is gonna be once you do this and you put it up in circle, and then people do say whatever they say, some people are gonna be real, and some people are gonna try to not hurt your feelings or whatever.


And you're gonna want it to be real.


But at the same time you're like, you know, there's Chiron up there.


So there's this feeling like I want to, you know, make it stick.


And you have to realize that whatever you put out there is going to likely change anyway just because of Chiron.


But also Mercury rules Virgo.


So the opinions of others, it can make it feel like that becomes like the best version rather than how you feel about it.


So you really have to, when you do this, when you put this, this logo up and this image and this title and this business name, you have to put it up and you say, that's okay, I wanna get some feedback.


However, once you get that feedback, you have to, you have to take it.


And that cannot be definitive of you and what's going to be the thing?


I'm gonna change it because it matches what you guys say.


No, I'm gonna take a, see what you guys say, and if any of those resonate for me, I will make the changes.


Makes sense. I already kind of did this with, uh, Anita and Sharon and Carly.


Okay. You Just wanna make sure that you're not getting stuck and being like, ah, none of this, none of this resonates.


But I feel like you know, that maybe that's the problem is that it needs to be what you guys say because that's 'cause that, that's where your energy can get hung up.


Right. Sharon drew a mockup and I, before she drew any mockups, I came out and I said, I was like, okay, Logan had said this before, like, I'm gonna be inspired by other people's ideas, but I'm most likely not gonna use your idea.


So if you're okay with that, go for it.


But I don't wanna have to tell, like, I don't want you to feel bad.


I don't want you to be like, oh, well why didn't she use any of my things?


Like, no, because it's, it inspired me to take it to a different point.


Right. But it's not the original thing. Yeah. Yeah.


So like, you know, I don't wanna hurt other people's feelings either.


Right. Right. Like, I don't wanna ask for Advice. Something, you take one word.


Yeah. You Take, I don't wanna ask for advice and then be like, well f you, you know?


I don't want them to feel like that.


Right, right. It's hard for me to tell them, no, that's not what I want.


Yeah. But that's your energy is if you were to take theirs, it would conflict with you making money.


It would conflict with your own self, self self worth.


Because there's pride that is within your design, within how you see it should be.


So you have to honor that. And it all cycles back anyway.


That's what I was saying. It's like it be, and then, and then having that Quin con there, like those, it's all like related energy, like it's almost conflicting energies. Like, Oh, from here?


Yeah. With like that. Yeah. And then that, yeah, From here to here. But this, this, That's why I said like, where do you stop? Because like, But this, well, but this feeds into this.


So this also adds not only from the semis sex tile, but the Quinn comes from here to here.


Also says that the idea itself is going to feed into how you feel about it and the changes that you would, you know, eventually make.


But it is not the idea.


So no matter what anybody says, it'll sit there.


Now what can happen is you keep making changes and you keep trying to make it better and make it better and make it better.


And you have to realize that there is no best, especially with your Chiron, your chiron's in the 10th house.


There is no best idea. There just is an idea.


And then I kind of realized too, I was like, well, if it's a business, there can be business within the business.


So there could be logo within another, like they all feed into, if that makes sense.


Like there's the primary one, but then there's subcategories that Mystic Rebels, mystic Circle, mystic Portal, super Earth, mama Logan Theory had one.


They're all logos.


Yeah. So it doesn't, you know, the one is the main one, but then there's subcategories. The So Yeah, a a a logo is just a, is how people recognize you.


Right. And then, you know, how you utilize color just kind of gives a vibe of what to expect just through color science.


And it, it's funny 'cause it didn't turn like it started with a certain, like, I had an idea, it's not where I thought it would go.


Yeah. And you have to let that, and that's great.


It needs to go through that internal transformation.


That's your energy.


Cool.


Um, yeah.


Are there any other questions? Do we have this down?


Does anybody wanna try it? Does anybody have any questions?


Any other theoreticals?


Um, my only question at the moment is like a retrograde, like what if, like, let's just say that someone has like a Mercury retrograde in the seventh house, but it's at 29 degrees.


Is it like reversed to where it's like taking something from the eighth house and then it's moving down into the seventh?


No, you're still gonna read it exactly the same, but you're gonna apply on the planet level, you're gonna apply the properties of the retrograde.


Okay. So you're blending eighth house energy in, but then it's blending into Mercury, Mercury's retrograde.


The eighth house isn't retrograde.


Okay, that makes sense.


Yeah. So you just read it the same except when you get to the retrograde of Mercury, you're just like, okay, well all of that from trauma, from shared resources is now working inward through logical processes or whatever the delegate is.


Does that make sense?


Yeah, that makes sense. Okay.


Cool. That was a good question. Thank you for that.


Tanya's loving your chill vibe with the bed setup.


Did you punch in?


What do you mean? Or switch cameras?


Oh, yeah, I'm using, because I wanted to see how it looked, but I also wanted to be on the event, so I kind of did like both.


So I'm on my computer. That's what this is for right here.


But the camera's right there.


Yeah. But a minute ago, wasn't it a wider setup?


Did the camera change at all?


Oh, no. From the, from this entire thing?


No, this is what it's been looking like.


I need to see why the Oh, I see why.


I see what's going on. Part of the bottom's cut off so it looks cropped in.


All right. Nevermind. Oh, Okay. Nevermind.


Yeah, I'm digging it too.


I'm a little jealous that you're harnessing, you're harnessing that Taurus energy, like on an exaggerated level.


Yeah. Is this camera too?


No, it's the same camera. It's just, in my view, it's, it's cut.


Part of its cutoff. So it looked like it was cropped in a little bit.


I was gonna say, he's just sitting here on a zoom, just flipping cameras just to everybody off.


Here's camera three over here.


It literally screams Silas vibes. There you go.


There you go. Now I can see the whole thing. Cool.


Um, if we are done here, I'm gonna end this webinar.


I think, like I said, this isn't that complicated.


It's 1133. It's a good time to end.


Um, this isn't a super complicated, uh, um, technique, but it is an important one that no one else discusses.


Uh, 29 degrees, even as an retic degree in other systems of astrology, is just supposedly more important.


But they don't tell you why and they don't mix it with the next house.


And that is the difference between fusion cusp areas and like critical degrees is it's not just about that hyper focus point.


It's the fact that in that point you have a blur, uh, a blending of energies through, like I said, like gradient spill off that is pulling energies from the next house in.


And that's actually where the intensity comes from, is that it's mixing with energies that are in addition to those, uh, energies of that specific house.


So thank you guys all for being a part of this webinar, and I will see y'all in Mystic Circle Vibe higher, y'all.


Deuces.