Lenses Overview & Articulation Basics: 


Welcome to the Lenses Extension Webinar for everybody who's watching this on the replay.


Um, you know, good to have you here.


I don't know why you couldn't show up for the first one, but that's fine.


Uh, no, I'm kidding.


Um, this is going to be about what I talked about on the Legacy Foundations Masterclass, class four, the concept in alchemistic astrology called lenses.


And, um, you know, the general concept of this is pretty easy.


Basically, what we're doing, and I need to share my screen, so let me do that.


Sha the screen, sha the screen. This screen?


Yes. I got it. Uh, so basically what we're doing is, okay, get up to me, go ahead and show the chart.


What we're doing is looking at an astrology chart, uh, a natal chart, an al chart, a business chart, a transit report, anything like that.


And we're trying to understand what is it we're actually looking at.


And in astrology, we tend to forget when we give the names, um, of archetypes to planets and houses specifically, we start forgetting that everything has to work together.


And one of the key components of alchemistic astrology is the understanding that we're not dealing with definitions and we're not dealing with placements.


Those are building blocks for a bigger picture.


We are looking at everything, the entire chart, and more importantly, the relationship of energies to each other that create color theory.


It creates the unique blend and mixture of energies that create or comprise you, a situation, an event, whatever you're looking at.


So one of the things people get hung up on is they'll say, oh, love in relationships, if I want to know about love, I go to Venus, or I go to the seventh house.


And it's like, yes, for certain parts of it.


But love is not just how you relate to another person.


It's not just the conversation you have.


These are things in the, in the seventh house.


It's not just the diplomacy, the tactfulness, and the, uh, give and take nature of things to keep things in balance.


There's so much more that goes into it.


And understanding the myriad of things that you can extract from the thematic expressions of each planet, each energy, uh, which includes the science and the houses, is going to help you understand what component that is.


So, for instance, we've talked about like the house.


Uh, you know, if you go home, you open the front door and you go in your home.


And in astrology, we know that generally speaking, the home, the house itself, and where you feel safe is cancer energy.


It is the fourth house. It is the moon in your chart.


Those are synonymous, those three.


And, um, you know, and when you're just talking about it as a generalized theme, that's what it is.


But what if we were to get into the house itself and we wanted to break down the house?


Well, now we're not talking about life on an abstract level.


We're going in with a magnifying glass on the house.


And if we were just to say, oh, the house, the fourth house of this chart is the house, we would have no information.


We would have no data. You might have the ruler you through Alchemistic astrology, you'll definitely have the bidirectionality of the ruler.


So essentially, coming into this specific chart, again, I I start with my chart, but we can always use other charts along the way, uh, on a rotating fashion is, you know, in this fourth house, we know that the ruler goes into third house.


We know that Jupiter sits there, and it's the ruler of the fifth house.


So three, four, and five in a reverse order, um, are tying in, right?


The fifth house ruler, Jupiter is in the fourth house.


The fourth house is in Scorpio.


The Scorpio's ruler Pluto is in the third house.


So it goes from five to four to three.


And that order obviously matters.


I'll save that again for another webinar or class or my book, which is coming along quite famously.


Um, but understanding this doesn't really give you much context.


You're still kind of like, well, what about this?


What about that? Or more importantly, not even just your own home, in your own house or your own family, but again, we're looking at the lens of the home.


We have to zoom back out and see the different energies of the chart.


So when it comes down to, you know, the entire chart, and we're saying, oh, what does my entire chart mean in the context of how houses and homes are to me, and the different areas of the home, the different needs of the home, and things of that nature.


We're not just looking at everything and concluding the fourth house is the home.


We're saying, okay, now we're not just looking for that.


We want to dive into it and expand that out.


So we're, again, we're looking, I know I've said this three ways in one sentence, but whatever.


You're looking at the lens of house and home.


So what you have to do is you have to, you have to step back for a second, and you have to think, what are all the archetypes?


What are all the energies you're dealing with?


You have 12 planet or, uh, 10 planets, 12 houses, 12 signs, right?


So we, we do everything by the signs, because those are the original divisions.


The signs are the divisions out there.


The houses happen because of a dual wheel system.


And then the planets are the rulers of those houses.


So when you're thinking abstractly, you're thinking big picture.


You're even learning astrology.


This is the reason we start with the signs, because the signs are geometric divisions of a 360 degree wheel or a 360 degree universe based on our relationship, uh, with the sun.


So 30 degrees from there to there, starts a new house, starts a new sign, rather starts a new sign.


And then the ones on the inside the houses are still signs.


It's just, you know, the earth spinning.


So we have that dual wheel function.


Again, we'll talk about that in a different webinar.


But the zodiac signs are what are important.


It's what we, we start with.


Uh, and that's the reason why we start with them, is because those are the general divisions as we see them in the universe from our perspective.


So we have to go back to those, and we have to start thinking about what each energy means.


So when you are looking for, um, windows, I'll just start there, right?


You start breaking down the different components of the house, and you start thinking, what are windows?


You know, what energy, uh, represents windows?


Well, to, to understand that if you, if you haven't already figured this out, you have to think about what are windows.


Windows are things that have a reflection, uh, or can have a reflection.


They are things that are clear, transparent.


Um, you know, they, you can see through them, they can get foggy.


You know, what, what are the general traits of a window and what energy represents them?


Windows are represented by Pisces Energy, uh, for those exact reasons.


And the reflection that you can get from a mirror, from a mirror, which is also Neptune, but also windows comes from the seventh house, queen cos into the 12th house.


Again, that's part of foundational relationship of energetic expression, which is free theory.


I will be teaching this a lot free theory, um, here in Mystic Circle, but you're getting that Queen Kunk, that automatic reciprocation, uh, from the seventh house into the 12th house.


So in your chart, you're going to go look for the 12th house, you're gonna go look for Neptune, you're gonna go look for Pisces to understand what that means for windows in, in your home.


And, um, ultimately, so you're looking here, and the 12th house is in cancer.


Uh, so there would be some sort of personal ethereal connection, um, you know, with, with windows, with anything that, that has to do with, uh, things that you could see through or reflective services like that.


And, uh, the north node is in Pluto.


So the north node is things that happen in our life that had absolutely nothing to do with us.


Now, I'm gonna tell you again, we're looking at my chart.


I'm gonna tell you something, and it sits right here in my chart.


And, uh, so we have the north note. It's in the Pluto.


Decken. Pluto is what?


Um, IM, it, it is, um, you know, transformation.


It is chaos. It is, um, uh, uh, death and rebirth, both realistically and metaphorically through cancer is, you know, the general area, the feelings of safety.


The 12th house represents those windows.


Its ruler is sitting in the seventh house of, you know, reciprocation of, um, you know, beauty and aesthetics.


And then with, um, in the sign of Aquarius, which has to do with things changing, things happening outta nowhere, uh, things breaking and things like that.


And that goes into the fifth house.


And I won't trace it any further, right?


So I will tell you one of the things that happened as a child.


I was living in section eight housing.


I was born in poverty and all that good stuff.


And, um, my birth mother lived on a pullout couch in the living room.


My sister and I were in the one bedroom that was in that apartment.


It was very small. And one of the things that happened quite often is there would either be bullets or rocks or glass bottles that were thrown through the window, uh, and they would shatter.


And, you know, I wouldn't, I wouldn't know why.


And there was, you know, this energy here that led into the aesthetics of it, the safety of it, and the, um, the fact that things did break and they, um, they held intact.


So it was more of an aesthetic thing, obviously, as a hole in the window, but they didn't like fully shatter.


I remember that. Um, and that's probably because Vesta is here, and it just kind of kept it intact.


So that energy shows right here in my chart.


Um, I've always had these kinds of, like, things happen.


I've had, um, here's a good one.


The film studio that I got in, um, up there in Sylmar, my first film studio had a bullet hole that was like in the, in the window.


Uh, and I, obviously, I didn't see it until I had already rented the property.


And that's part of that north news. I, I found that.


And then there was another one from a BB gun that happened later, and it actually held it in attack.


And it didn't fully break either, but it did start splitting, um, the window there.


And I've had those kinds of things happen throughout my life quite a bit.


The house in Florida also had one, uh, on the big bay window in the front.


So those were, were pretty common.


You're also gonna look to Neptune, and you're gonna look to Pisces to see what else is there.


And this has to do with like, in terms of windows in the house, uh, you know, the eighth house has to do with things that are, are contained, that are a bit like recessed, a little bit more of, um, strength within them.


And then that ruler goes into the fifth house of Leo being like, it's presentation, it's drama, it's children, it's, you know, those things.


So, um, looking in the chart just for the house and we're looking at the windows.


We know that we wanna look, we wanna look for areas where there could be cracks if we were to buy a house.


I wanna look to see if there's any cracks or anything that could start a crack within a window.


Anything that could contribute to mold and mold expanding out.


Because the eighth house has to do with mold.


So look around the windows.


By the way, I don't know if you guys uh, caught this, but Ashley and I were talking about, we think there might be mold in the house.


We had somebody come in, paid $500.


There is not enough mold to matter, so good on that.


However, around the windows, there is mold forming in certain areas within the bedroom where our children sleep, which is right here.


It's where, and, and that's the other thing is windows are attached to, to where you sleep, because where you sleep has to do with Neptune's energy as well in terms of dreams and things of that nature.


So that energy is there.


That mold that we didn't know, that we didn't see is also showing there.


Um, where our, where our children are, where our children play.


And, and, and also in areas on the lower baseboard of near the garage and near the, the kitchen.


There was a little bit there that we've taken care of since.


Um, but it can compound and it can be a problem because of the retrograde, when you're looking at a house, the structure of the house, the safety of the house, the foundations here.


And you would pull all this energy in to understand the foundations of the house, to understand the contract attached to the house.


The contract would be the third house.


But the, um, the caveats, the bank, the loan that all feeds into, you know, what type of loan you're gonna get, how you have to, you know, structure and organize that loan when you go to the first house.


This would be the, uh, the entrance way into, um, into the house.


And for Leo, there always has to be, interestingly enough, I've never really, I gotta be completely honest as I'm speaking this, I've never really looked at my natal chart under the lens of a house.


'cause I honestly didn't really care.


That's some of this energy as well.


But I always live in a house where the entrance has some sort of like, pizazz to it, or some sort of like a colored door, which makes sense with a Leo rising, um, is like the color door.


'cause mine goes into the 11th house.


So it's also different. Or there's some sort of architecture on the windows.


Like where we have now has like this, like frosted design within the windows that go around our door.


It's also a, a red door.


Uh, in the last house, I think we had a, a, I wanna say like a blue door or something like that.


And then, um, there's always something about that that makes it a little bit different in the entrance way.


And you would keep going around and going from, from area to area.


I'm, I'm not gonna dive too much into the house, 'cause that wasn't what was asked.


We were supposed to be starting with working career, but it's interesting that you could do this for any theme.


Uh, so whatever that topic is that you wanna do, that could be a larger topic.


Like I said, house, and this works really well for people who are trying to, like, you wanna understand what you need in a house and home.


You're gonna look at your natal chart, your progressions and your relocations, and combine those energies in a layered format to get the full big picture of it.


But if you're somebody who's actually into real estate, it tells you what type of, what type of house to use, um, what, where you're going to invest your money, how to get your money out of it, what you need to do to the house.


Because you might have a million of a, you know, these amazing ideas, but they may not bring you zoom, zoom, there it goes.


They may not bring you any money from here or here.


Um, so you might be expending more money than, than is necessary.


And, um, because my second house ruler is, um, is up here in retrograde, in the Gemini deck and of Gemini in, in opposition to my seventh house, when it comes to me renovating something, renovating a house, when it comes to the actual aesthetics, the flipping, how electricity has to be brought into it, um, and the different ideas that I have, especially because you have Gemini, opposing Sagittarius with those placements, I have to be very careful that I'm not trying to like overdo it because I'll end up losing money in a house flip based off of that alone.


Just when it comes to the actual design of the house and the things that I'm trying to either add to it or renovate and change to it.


I have to find a balance between its cost, its value, uh, the details of it.


And then what I'm actually trying to design, you feel that so much.


But this is, excuse me, this is, this is gonna be in everybody's chart.


So when you do real estate, sometimes you'll see in a chart like, Hey, this person should be in real estate or does real estate.


Either they're a realtor or they're trying to flip homes themselves.


They're trying to build homes, they're trying to build their own home.


The entire chart will tell you everything you need to know in terms of how the window should be, what the structure of it should be, um, in terms of, you know, the long term, making sure you get something finished in terms of with this type of energy, Chiron Taurus in the 10th, it's ruler in the 10th, without any aspects.


I know that I would have to make sure I'm not diving into any project that I don't have money to complete.


And that could be a problem, is that you're finagling and trying to, now Chiron says, do it authentically, which means the value of it in terms of completion has to be done in a different way than normal.


The structure of it, the floor plan of it all has to be different as well as, as this energy ties directly into it from Chiron into Pluto.


Pluto being the fourth house.


So we know that I would have to take a smaller home and try to make it feel bigger or just add something on that's small, not like this huge renovation, not this huge add-on, um, to enhance the value of the property.


That's how I would have to attack it. Yeah.


So in order, what you would normally see is in terms of the structure of the home, whenever you see 11th house, you're usually seeing like apartments, uh, divisions, anything that where, 'cause you remember the 11th house is all about cutting things.


It's all about community and teams, and it's all about, you know, individualizing things.


And then when you see Gemini there, Gemini is about multiples.


So usually two, two or more.


And, um, so this type of energy for me, this is also why I feel comfortable living in apartments.


I love apartments. I don't love living in a single family house.


Ashley loves the house.


The kids are probably better in the house.


So I live in the house, but if I, if it was just me, I would be in an apartment, I'd be in the top floor or the bottom floor, I don't care, top or bottom, I don't mind.


Um, but I would've all my amenities and I would have no responsibility, which is this Venus, um, Quin Kung seeing this Saturn energy and Lith being, you know, in Capricorn and that all feeding in, I would've no responsibilities for taking care of that property.


It, it's somebody else's.


The reason why I rent so much is because the fourth house has Jupiter retrograde in its Scorpio that goes into my third house.


So this, this is a renter's type of energy.


Carly hates apartments. I love 'em.


Luxury apartments, luxury, luxury.


Like, I don't like normal apartments.


I like luxury apartments. And that's this right here.


I love luxury stuff. But Chiron also says like, I don't like the luxury ritzy stuff.


Like, I'm not gonna go live in the penthouse of the Ritz.


I don't like that. That's weird.


I don't like that kind of rich stuff.


I don't like rich people, right?


I don't care who has money and how much you have, but like the, the status quo, standard image of a rich person, no, thank you.


Uh, which is why I tend to go back to the ghetto all the time, even though I've done well for myself.


I don't live in the ghetto, but I tend to like gravitate toward the, towards people who are a bit more humble, grounded down to earth a bit more.


Where I came from who don't have money, I relate to those people more, even when I do have money.


So anyway, that's also why I wanna help people get money so they don't become that, they become, you know, their self-worth improves, their quality of life improves, but it's not about that.


But anyway, you know, and it's gonna make sense, right?


That your energy is going to be different from anyone else's energy.


Also, the foundation in terms of like, um, these energies, is there a basement here?


Is that basement finished or unfinished, or do you have access to it?


You know, for me, how is shame and, and inner power off of unrealistic things, how is that feeding in?


And then how does that tie into the core root of it?


So for me, there's a lot of emphasis on basements because it would be the underground, you know, um, you know, fourth house in Scorpio is an underground type of energy.


Jupiter retrograde, it's like, it's not that big, but I make it bigger.


I bring in more incorporated recreational activities as the fifth house goes into the fourth.


So I'm gonna stop there on houses, we can always talk about this more on a post in Mystic Circle.


I wanna get through these other ones.


So let's jump into work and career.


And this is assuming that I'm gonna go through these relatively quickly.


I'm gonna, you know, if you have any questions, drop it into the chat.


Just keep it relevant to what I'm talking about so that I can keep this going so that I don't go on a tangent because my natural flow is to, and my default is to answer everybody's every question because I want you guys to learn this stuff.


Um, but we do need to stay on topic.


So, you know, let's, let's do that.


Um, and I'm just gonna keep using my chart for now.


And then within Mystic Circle we can talk about your charts and whatnot.


So within working career, uh, as you're looking at a chart, and remember, we would normally go to, oh, work is the sixth house.


And we definitely start there.


Like, it's important to realize that I'm not saying that's not where we start.


You absolutely do start there.


So whenever you're picking a lens, um, you're always still starting to the general themes of that area, because we're still talking about that person in their entire chart.


But then when we look at the lens in terms of the components of that, we have to reach out beyond that.


So we have, uh, in this chart, we have the sixth ta, there's the south node.


There is an ascendant Quin cos to the south node, um, which can be challenging obviously.


And, uh, you guys are crazy in the comments.


Um, the energy that's sitting here with Lilith, and then, you know, Juno in retrograde, this has to do with commitment issues with work, getting things done, feeling like you can't get things done, feeling like you always have to go back over the details so that you feel solid within them.


Um, those type of energies.


And then all of that through the rulership.


There's no bidirectionality rulership in this specific chart because there's no planetary ruler.


We have asteroids, we have Math Point, but there's no actual one of the 10 ruling planets.


So we don't have to worry about bidirectionality rulership here in the sixth house.


We go to rulership, it leads us into the third house where we do not have a seum.


We have a salinium, we have a conjunction between Polythene and Mars.


Then these are too far out of orb.


So we have Saturn retrograde at 15 and a half too far out of orb.


We have Pluto retrograde over here.


So these three planets do not operate in tandem.


They do not create a new color.


They operate within the same area, which is the third house.


And they operate obviously within order.


Again, order is very ex very important.


What's interesting about these energies in this chart is that these are in one deck, in this is in another deck, in this is in another deck in.


So when you're getting to the flavoring, when you get down to the deens, um, when you're kind of deconstructing this and you're here trying to understand what is Venus in a chart and what is the third house and what is Libra in this chart, you have to spend a little extra time on these decken once you want to kind of clarify things.


Um, so when it comes to work, like I said, we know that it's spawned from the sixth house and it goes into the third house, every single lens in terms of anything that's gonna be actionable.


Anything that's like, I, I need to do something, I need to take action.


I'm trying to understand, you know, the next thing that I'm going to do, whenever you say do, you're talking about, actually you're talking about the first house, you're talking about the ascendant because you're trying to bring purpose to action, and that's what motivation is.


So you're always looking at the ascendant as well.


So every single thing is always gonna come back to the ascendant and then wherever the ascendant is and anything else in the first house.


The ascendant for this chart is in the Jupiter deck and of Leo that goes into the 11th house.


So no matter what, what lens you're talking about, there's always gonna be something different.


There's always gonna be something tech oriented.


There's always gonna be something with friends groups, teamwork, the future innovation, um, anything that is, you know, pushing towards ingenuity, uh, mechanics.


And then that's going through Gemini and then Gemini's rulers retrograde back in the chart.


So it feeds itself through logic back into itself.


So it's like you take ingenuity and then it's ruler through logic.


So ingenuity through a, an understanding of the logic of it back into the mechanics, right?


So changing the way something works, um, is how this person's chart.


Uh, you know, this is my chart, but this is how it works and I'm reading it.


I'm actually being extremely objective and unbiased when I read this.


So I'm not reading it as though, oh, I know this, I'm letting that kind of compound afterwards.


I'm reading this as though this is somebody else's chart.


When you guys get into reading your own charts, you want to do that as well.


You want to do your best to be like, I'm gonna pretend that this is not me, because it can be very easy for you to get hung up on making it make sense.


And, you know, basically confirmation bias as opposed to actually reading the chart.


So we wanna make sure that that's what you're doing, that you are pulling that energy in, uh, as though you are giving somebody else advice, and that'll be super helpful for you.


So, work and career.


So we know that anything this person does is gonna go into the 11th house energies.


Anything that's work and career on a routine basis, what do they do on a daily basis, always leads into the third house.


The third house has to do with sales, it has to do with communication, it has to do with, um, you know, the, the logic, the facts, the figures, the numbers, the stat, the statistics, the data, um, and the multiplicity of it.


That's all leading through Libra.


So it's relating to all the people.


It's mediation, it's anything that has some sort of outward value or perception.


Anything that's gonna be, um, facilitating in in third house communication, but also Libra conversation.


Now, I'll tell you one of the main things I did for my, my life.


I've done a lot of jobs, hundreds of jobs, but there's four companies that I worked for before I became a full on entrepreneur because I, this is my natal chart and it's where it's all my energies.


When I lived there, when I moved to Florida, to Texas, to, you know, other places and then obviously to California, this all changed.


But when I lived there and everything was in complete alignment, radio Shack, at and t, sprint, Verizon, they're all cell phone companies.


And what I did on a daily basis was communication through conversation.


Obviously there's a bunch of other stuff in here.


And then what I personally did was, you know, put my energy into the mechanics, the technology, and worked on a team, which is the sales team.


Um, and then obviously we, we factor everything else out beyond that.


But everything that I do on a daily basis has to have some sense of commitment to the authority, commitment to the service, reevaluating the structures that lead into sales, um, and, and kind of the efficiency in anything a six house.


But beyond those things, 'cause that's the natural two places to start again with any lens is, you know, you're talking about working money.


Well, when it comes to value and it comes to, you know, you feeling valued within your business, well what does that mean?


Well, for this person, obviously the second house is also money.


So how does money work?


Well, the money part of it is through, you know, details, through, you know, analyzing things through, um, you know, getting to the, the, the numbers as they project out in the real world.


And then, uh, the services.


And then that leads into the 11th house of being different, of, you know, going above and beyond of, again, technology, of anything that is that 11th house.


And the retrograde is, you know, you have to pull those things inward.


You can't just project them outward.


A good example of how I used to do this is me and my friend 11th House.


His name is Devar. You'll see on our podcast a couple times pretty soon.


Um, we used to work together at Verizon, for instance.


And what we would do is to make more money, we had this thing set up where I would, um, with him, we would co-sign, basically we would co-sign on each other's sales.


So we would just do this communication, this Gemini, this banter where when he had a customer and he would say something, there would be trigger words, and we would hear those words and we would jump in.


So he would have a customer and he'd be talking about data.


And then right there, if the customer hadn't made the decision immediately, I would jump in and be like, oh yeah, 'cause if you don't have that, you need this, this, and this.


And like, nobody wants to spend a lot of money on their phone bill or like, not that cheesy, but you know, something along those lines.


And it would, it would incorporate me into his sale.


And he would do the same thing for me.


He'd be like, you know, I'd be trying to sell an accessory, like a phone case, and the customer would be like, I don't need it.


He and Devar would hear that and he'd be like, you see that crack on my screen?


That's 'cause I didn't have a phone case.


Now I got the leather one. No problems whatsoever.


And the customer would nine times outta 10 always be like, that's a good point, let me get that.


And it's because I brought my friends in on what I was doing.


And that's because I have to do that.


You have to understand these retrogrades, you have to understand that energy.


Now, obviously I didn't know astrology back then.


I didn't know that that was going on.


We just figured out that that worked and we used that as a sales ploy.


But also, how do you have to be, um, valued?


How, what is it within your work that you need to be valued?


Well, when you provide services, you need to stand out with your services.


When you, when you notice things and you critique things, especially value oriented, that you get other people to join that conversation with you.


So for instance, the commission structures as they would come out, I would always criticize them and I would bring management in as well, uh, to, to that.


And, um, we would, we would talk about the different ways to maximize the commission structure so that we would get more money out of it.


Again, mercury in retrograde, how do I take this brand new commission structure, you know, analyze the crap out of it and then come up with different ways once we understand how the commission structures work so that we can finagle money, we're not supposed to get out of it.


And we did that all the time.


So, but I was always the instigator of it, and that was what gave me value within it.


It's also the reason, when I had my film stuff, when I did the fetish film stuff, we had something called custom orders.


And you basically, they say, I want this actress playing this character and I want these wrestling moves.


And you would make it happen.


They'd be like, I'll pay you this much.


And we'll be like, you know, whatever the negotiation is, let's say we just said, okay.


And then what I would do is to get more money out of the same thing, which is that retrograde in increments, which is the 11th house energy, I would say, Hey, let's offer partial customs.


You can get a, a wrestling move, you can get, you know, you get to pick the villain, you get to do this, and then this person will pay a hundred dollars, this person will pay $400, this person will pay another X amount of dollars and then basically offer the same thing that I was making money off of.


I would get this plus this, plus this, plus this and quadruple my income.


And this is why I was so successful doing it.


It's actually sitting there in my chart when I don't do those things, when I don't recapitalize on, you know, the same things, um, because of the value that's there, right?


That value had to be there.


I had to set that value by standing out and being different again, second house into the 11th house without that value there, it doesn't work.


A lot of you guys get recurring readings with myself and with Ashley.


Why? Because there's value there.


If there was no value, you wouldn't come back.


And you know, the fact that what we have has value because we've gotten something that is, that is practical and reliable.


All that verti, um, that second house in Virgo type of energy that leads into, I wanna do this now I wanna do this reading, now I wanna talk about this.


That's where the recurring comes from, and it comes from the communication, it comes from the ideas, and it comes from with the sun, you know, me taking action with the positivity side of it.


So it's, it's a mixture of the positivity.


And, um, and this, this can be challenging for some people 'cause you're taking something that's positive and you're taking something that's inherently negative and you're pulling them together because ju you know, Leo is all about expressing yourself and the drama and the flare and the overall, the positivity, the purpose of it.


And then you're taking in the vitality and you're taking Virgo, which is like, well, I'm going to, you know, criticize the crap out of, of this and I'm going to deconstruct this and analyze, and I'm gonna bring it to the real world.


And the real world is not always a pretty place and blah, blah, blah.


And you're combining those within Gemini, um, which is, is all the communications, all of that.


So from there, you go into the third house, you say, well, how, what's my mindset around this?


How do I communicate within work?


What do I need to be able to use my brain and kind of, um, assess things?


And with the third house, having all of these energies in here, I know that there's a focus on facts and figures and numbers and communication and with Libras energy, so on and so forth, right?


You get that point. The fourth house is, how do I feel comfortable in work?


What do I need for work to feel comfortable?


What's the home environment and area here that comes from the fifth house and the fourth house?


That means either my kids need to be a part of it or there needs to be some sort of recreation that's a part of it.


There needs to be, um, you know, just because it's Jupiter, it's it's vitality as the fifth house ruler in there.


But through Jupiter it's bringing expansion, theatrics and fun joking nature that are in there, especially dark humor, dirty jokes, things that are a bit more taboo, allowing that to kind of be the surface, uh, of whatever I do.


The fifth house is telling you what is the purpose of the entire thing.


So when you're talking about work, why are you doing it?


Well, for the reason I would be doing it is to dive deeper into something, make change transformation.


There's change again, you know, attract groups and teams and kind of re restructure how things are, are done, uh, for the purpose of them through either, again, recreational purposes, uh, having fun with it, and then the philosophy or the higher education, the expansion, the um, the offering of something that is more that leads into what the baseline is of it.


So, you know, you go through each one of these and kind of figure it out.


Now are there any specific questions to work and career, like a certain house or anything like that?


Um, so that I'm not doing all 12 houses for all of these different ones.


Do you guys, I mean, any questions before I move on to business and al?


Um, would you read the lenses first with Natal relocated progress chart?


Uh, you always read the natal chart first.


That is your baseline energies.


Um, and then to understand the phases of life, you will go into the progressions.


And then if you've moved, you're gonna add the relocations.


I would, the order I would do it would actually be, um, natal chart relocations.


I would read those two together and then I would go into the progressions to see where you are in life.


Because if your energy is completely different, we have to add that, that in there.


Uh, is there a difference between a career lens and building a business like the reading did for me based off my natto?


Yes, because your overall focus is whether or not i, I mean they're subtly different.


Whether you are working for yourself or you're working for somebody else is gonna be very important.


So for instance, if I am, if I'm reading a work chart, the third house is my coworkers.


So I need to understand the energy of my coworkers.


I had a lot of conflicting and challenge with them, especially when it came to authority.


I was always put into positions of authority that they did not like too much.


But when I acted, you know, different not as a sense of authority and just kind of like casually came around and, and just helped um, them and like taught them, they liked me a lot more.


So that's kind of that energy right there.


And we have to understand where it's coming from and, uh, whether or not that's coming through positively.


Now, if you're working for yourself, the likelihood for most entrepreneurs is that you don't have any coworkers.


So this house, you're not gonna be looking for coworkers anymore.


You're just gonna be looking for communication.


You're looking for ideas.


Now, if you're working for somebody else, depending on the role you're in, your ideas may or may not matter.


And for me, my ideas always conflicted with authority. Why?


Because the third house rulers up here with Chiron and then it is in a Quin Ks to Mer, Saturn and retrograde.


And when they, when I proved myself by not trying to convince them, but just doing the managers always brought me in and either promoted me or gave me, you know, additional rules.


I eventually became a trainer for Verizon.


Um, because the high ups were the ones where I was p*****g them off.


Uh, 'cause I wouldn't do something called the sales walk.


And I said, the sales walk is stupid.


No customer wants you to, when they come in for a phone, wants to go over here to learn about data over here, to learn about text messaging over here, to learn about all their accessories over here, to learn about small business.


They don't own a small business the hell you over here for.


And you know, it, it got to the point.


Many of you have heard this story before, so I'll, I'll truncate this, but, um, it got to the point where I was in this office in Columbia, Maryland with my two assistant managers, my store manager, the regional manager, and the district manager and the tech manager actually at that point.


So six managers all in the office with me telling me that, you know, I've been a problem for a long time and that I have gotta stop going against corporate policy and whatever.


And I said, I don't care what all seven, all six of you are saying, I was the seventh, I'm not doing it.


And then I challenged the, the region, I said, you, do you know how to sell something?


Do you think your sales work works? Of course it works.


We wouldn't have put it out there. Okay, cool.


You take the next customer, you show me that the sales walk works and then I'll take the customer after that.


That way there's no, like, we're not taking 'em out of the queue.


We're grabbing 'em at the door.


We don't know why they're there and we're doing it.


And she got nothing. She got nothing out of it.


She did the whole sales walk.


If the customer was agitated, just like I said they were.


And then I took the next one and closed the 12 line business deal plus what he wanted on his personal stuff.


And they came to me like, how did you do that?


I said, because I'm not, I'm not treating them like a customer.


I'm treating 'em like a person. And, um, ultimately speaking, they ended up ditching the sales walk because of that.


And I ended up becoming a trainer that went from store to store.


And you have to utilize your energies naturally.


Um, but again, coworkers management, that wouldn't apply.


So in a, if I own my own business now, it has to do with my long-term goals has to do with management of the business.


Are you the manager?


Like for me, yes, it squares off with me, but I can't always be the manager.


I have to have a team. I always have to have a team because when I try to be the manager of everything, it's too much.


And I'm trying to hard to exert myself as the dominant figure because I'm trying to take care of everything.


And it always conflicts.


Same thing happens with, with like, I took over TikTok and Mystic Rebels for a long time and did almost everything and it was too much.


And then when Ashley comes in, um, and kind of shows the other side of it and takes over some of the responsibilities, which I've, in recent times, given her, it's flowing a lot easier and Mystic Rebels is flourishing.


It is, you know, it's doing very well.


But also I am doing very well because it conflicts with me and my motivations and everything here.


So she becomes part of my team and I have other people that I delegate certain things out to within Mystic Rebels.


And then eventually when Mystic now comes out, I'm gonna be delegating even more and it's gonna be great, but if I don't align with those energies within my own business, it's not gonna work.


So there is definitely a difference.


Also, the seventh house, the sixth house becomes the services when you're working for somebody.


But when you are running your own business, the sixth house becomes your employees.


Do you have employees? How does that work? Does it work?


Uh, and the seventh house in a normal, um, you know, you work for somebody else is, you know, what do you need to have peace within your own, you know, work life balance.


How do you interact with other people?


You know, when it comes to any element of design or expressing your own talents within your job, the seventh house will tell you how that is.


And that doesn't change for when you work for yourself.


But now you have to con consider what your business is, what your business does, and how, how your relationship is with your own business.


That's added now in the seventh house when you're talking about your own business.


And, and this isn't an Electional chart, this is just your chart and you own your own business.


Um, any legal matters of your own is gonna factor in how you handle legal matters within your business.


Um, and whether or not you have any business partners, that's gonna be extremely important as well.


I know that my businesses are gonna be overtaken by my family.


You know, that, that, that shows, um, eventually North node, uh, and do you merch, I'm assuming merge ascendant with the 12 ascendant at zero degrees with the 12th house, same at 29 with the you do, you don't merge them.


So you're talking about a, um, you're talking about an ascendant that's sitting at zero degrees.


It's still at zero degrees, but when it's in the fusion cusp area, this will be a different, I'm not gonna dive too deep into this right now, uh, 'cause that's gonna take away from lenses.


But when you're sitting here in the fusion cusp area, I'm gonna use my zero for instance.


It's definitively a fourth house placement.


It's definitively a Scorpio placement in the Pluto deck.


And however, when I read it together, its influence is pushing fourth House energy into the third house.


Now, mine's a little bit more confusing only because my fourth house rulers are already in the third house.


Um, so it naturally does that anyway, but you're always taking that energy and you're merging it in with this.


And this becomes a secondary ruler.


So that energy is fused in with the third house, but it stems from the fourth house.


So this energy from the fifth is definitively fourth house that merges with the third house because the energies do this.


And from that point to really rule to really read Jupiter in this chart, obviously including the retrograde, we would read it as the fourth house, but we would also then include elements of the third house and Venus.


So when it comes to house and home, all this venous energy up here and the Chiron, that's all included as well.


This is a lot of the reason why I was taken from my mother by Child Protective Services.


Um, you know, it, it shows that a little bit there anyway, but it's merging in with that 10th house.


Yeah, hope that makes sense.


Okay, I'm going to move on to, um, so that includes, we just talked about work and career.


Um, we basically covered business.


Are there any other business questions?


I'm not gonna read this quite like an electional chart, um, but business questions here.


So when you're, you're also looking at your 10th house, right?


So a lot of people look to the 10th house as career when in reality it's long-term goals, milestones and authority.


It's also the things that are gonna take time to do.


So when it comes to getting things done, completing things, achievement, success, that's also the 10th house for me.


Chiron there tells me that I have a hard time completing things or I can't complete them in the normal sense, uh, when it comes to achievement, I don't feel like I've ever achieved anything.


So that can already be challenging there.


And I have to find a new way to have structure, have authority, have long-term goals and whatnot.


It means I can't have long-term goals like other people would.


My long-term goals have to be a bit more flexible.


My long-term goal goals have to be my own.


And instead of saying like, oh, what's your five-year plan?


I hate that term. Why?


Because I think it's completely unrealistic, but also because my Chiron is in the 10th house, I don't have long-term goals.


I never have and I never will.


What I have are I I'm going to do this and however long it takes me to do that is my long-term goal.


And as long as I stick to that and I don't get distracted, I'm fine.


But that's something that's extremely important.


And, and for me that's like, it feeds back into the 10th house.


So those long-term goals that I can't have, have to have some sort of tangible output.


But that tangible output isn't always completely tangible.


A good, for instance, that is when I made movies, when I made movies, and I, um, when I completed, um, you know, completed a project when I got it through and I put it out there was, it was digital.


There was nothing tangible for it.


It was, but for me it was a finished product.


Uh, as long as, you know, there's some people who wanted it on DVD or wanted it on Blu-Ray or whatever.


And I sometimes did that, but I didn't offer that normal 'cause I was like, here, digital download, it's yours.


Same thing with a commission check.


All my money went into the 11th house that told me that my money's ups and downs, it's comes and goes, it's commission and dual commission.


I also got paid hourly, remember Geminis too.


So I worked jobs where I got paid hourly, plus I got paid commission.


Same thing with the custom orders.


I did, I got a custom order, I got that one, and then I did other custom orders on top of it so that I'm basically getting my payment and then I'm getting more payments from it.


And I do that same thing with tech. I I have tech companies.


A lot of people ask me, what do you do and how do you do it?


I have my tech business, it's not really a tech business, but I call it one because otherwise you wouldn't know what I'm doing.


So that's the Chiron, by the way, in terms of what I actually do in terms of the structure, the role, the, the, the name of what I do, the title of it, um, it's not normal.


It never is. When I do filming, it's never a normal film.


When I do astrology, it's not normal astrology.


When I do, uh, tech stuff, it's not normal tech stuff.


Um, but the value is the way that I see value.


And then I use this e energy of cloning that, like I said, Gemini is all about multiple.


So essentially we create apps that are niche in general, um, in general.


And they target a certain market, um, for something that I think needs to be there.


Innovative energy of the 11th house.


And then I clone it and I take that same app and I put it over here or website or platform and I adjust it as necessary, but it's very cheap because I've already made it once.


And then I take that one and I clone it again.


I take that one, I clone it again. And guess what?


I've got multiple streams of revenue, multiple streams of income.


And then when it comes to what I have to do in the world, that's my automation.


My first house rulers in the 11th house.


So automation is extremely important for me anyway, but automating in my own way, not just general automations, like even Zapier or Zapier or whatever you call it, I think it's Zapier, you know, it's rulers and retrograde.


Uranus is retrograde. I can't use Zapier like everybody else.


It, it never works. I have to like be creative in how I make that work.


And it's gotta kind of, it's not that I'm setting out the find it, it's more like I've chosen this, this, and this and I have to make the automation work for real.


That Saturn retrograde would also be short-term goals.


It's more about, um, it, it's not about short-term goals.


That's where Chiron kind of comes in.


Saturn is still long-term goals.


When it's retrograde, it's always reconfiguring those goals.


So it, it's not that they're short term, they're still long term, um, you know, for the ideas, these grand ideas that are gonna take time.


But it's a matter of can I readjust how long it's going to take?


That's the retrograde.


How can I keep readjusting the details and the goals.


Now the problem that usually happens is retrogrades compound, and this happens for me.


So Saturn is my sixth house ruler and I've got all this other energy in here.


What ends up happening for me is I keep going back and trying to perfect things over and over, tweak this, tweak that, tweak this, tweak that it was fine from the beginning usually.


But that retrograde is I actually end up taking longer instead of taking shorter like I could because I'm going back and again, again, again, again, again, which is what a retrograde can do.


And that's where you have to be careful.


It's like that natural retrograde of going back over something, revisiting something.


Whereas what you're supposed to do with it is find your own sense of structure to build something and allow that structure to change based off of where it's feeding off of.


For me as the sixth house, um, without overdoing it, allow yourself to do that without this idea of perfectionism struggle that I have in my life.


But that's where that, that is this cool, uh, I'm going, I'm not gonna talk about Electional charts.


You read those differently.


I'm gonna do an al um, webinar at some point.


I talked a bit about money, um, you know, from the second house.


But if you're looking at money overall and you're looking at money as a lens, so basically you're looking at money and finance.


So you're looking at the first house.


When it, when you are going to, what are you going to do that is going to be the activity that's going to bring you money, right?


That's the first house. What, how does money start?


How does money happen?


Well, it happens when you take action, obviously, um, and how you take action.


And for Leo's type of energy, it has to do when, when you make a presence, your money as a Leo rising doesn't happen when you are not expressing yourself in a way that is truly authentic to you and feels like there's a purpose for you.


So for instance, if I show up to work on a day where I'm like, I don't wanna be here, I guarantee you I won't make money.


Obviously some of that ties into manifestation, a mindset.


It ties into, you know, law of attraction and vibration.


But just in general that Leo energy ha I have to have a purpose for doing it otherwise I'm not going to.


And that that's for everything I do everything for a purpose.


And then Jupiter says the idea of making it bigger.


So when it comes to money before I even get to the second house, it's gotta be something that's recreational or creative or inspiring or shows a presence, um, where I've actually shown up.


'cause when I half-ass it, the money doesn't come when I show up and I'm not overcompensating in any way, I'm just there and like I really want to be there and I'm in the moment.


I make more money. Jupiter says I have to also allow myself to have the what ifs and the travel and trial and error.


That's where I figure out how money comes in and where I'm gonna put my energy for money to start funneling.


And because it's that first house, we always know pretty rapidly when something's gonna make money and something's not gonna make money, the rest of the chart will tell you how long and what else do we have to do.


Um, but for, you know, at Jupiter it's also like for me, teaching, coaching, storytelling, consulting, that's all a part of how I act, how I do things in a physical manner.


Um, but that has to be a part of it as well.


And even when I sold cell phones, um, what I would do is I knew every, everything from all of my competitors, I knew every cell phone, every spec, the battery life of every phone.


I knew that the weaknesses I Chiron, I knew the weaknesses of all of my competitors and the structures and things of that nature.


So one of the ones, for instance, is if I had a business deal coming in and they wanted Motorola razors, which was a hot phone back then, I would tell them, do not do that.


Go get the LG 83 10, or whatever the hell it was, 83, 50, whatever it was at the time.


Buy that phone. Here's why the Motorola Razor in this store as we talk, flip it open, flip it open.


I'm educating, I'm going there. I'm giving the wisdom.


I'm teaching while they're doing, here's the Motorola Razor.


It has one bar of signal. Here's the LG 80, whatever.


It has three bars of signal.


We are sitting in a store with a repeater on the roof at the time.


This one doesn't have any service.


This one has three bars of service.


And the roof was, you know, to be fair, a repeater on the roof's actually not a good thing because you're below it and it goes out like this.


But, um, if the repeater rule on the next roof, it actually would've been better.


But it is sitting there.


And, um, so I would show that.


And then I would say, look, just so you know, again, to educate in terms of like informing in terms of like the higher mind, um, you know, you make whatever choice you wanna make.


However, the motor roll eraser is the most common phone I see with water damage.


For people who did not drop their phone in the water, the phone was in the bathroom, they took a shower, it was too hot, the steam got in, and the vo the warranty is voided and we can't do anything.


So the LG doesn't have that problem.


The Motorola eraser does.


You're gonna buy a new phone if something happens, you own a business.


Do you really wanna spend money on these devices or run through the insurance?


Or do you want something that works?


And that is how not only I would sell things, but I would also make more, like people would be like, oh, let's add three more onto there.


Um, so that energy is extremely important when it comes to money.


The third house is how you identify with that money or how you know how to make money, how you, you know, you, you learn those things.


The fourth house is your safety and security as it pertains to having money, um, directly tying in your fifth house is what you're going to do with the money.


Like what's the point of making the money, right?


This is the money, but why are you making it?


And you go through the entire chart again, once you get up to like the eighth house, it's other people's money.


The seventh house is whether or not you're going to use that money towards other people.


And if so, how? Um, the ninth house is the higher, like the bigger picture of what you might do if you had a lot of money.


And then what? And then that leads into the 10th house of your goals.


Uh, you know, financially speaking also how you, um, record and keep track of money.


As you can see here with Kyron, the 10th house, I don't really keep track of money.


I have a very, I always know how much I have and I have a very interesting way of my head calculating I will, any expense I round up any, anytime I spend money or I have an expense, I will round up.


So if I owe $150, I say it's 200.


Anytime I'm buying something, um, or I get money, I round it down.


So if I, if you gave me $250, I'd say you gave me $200.


And what it does is it keeps a positive flow, um, in my bank accounts.


Whereas I'm like, do I have enough money to spend it?


I don't care about the actual number, the structure.


You know, that's the way that I kind of see it. See?


There you go. Lauren does it too.


She has Chiron in the 10th as well. She does the same thing.


Because when it comes to the structure of the money, when it comes to, you know, the goals of the money, the way that you see money in terms of how much you've accumulated, right?


That's what the 10th house is about, is achievement.


Excess accumulation, the ninth, the ninth house is the accumulating, the 10th house is the accumulated.


Um, but that's what happens is you have your own unique way of saying, I'm going to look at it this way.


And, and as long as you're in alignment with that, it's good.


Uh, to clarify with my son in the sixth is based off of the ninth house energy, to clarify with my son in the sixth is based off of ninth House Energy Aries.


Okay, so your Aries rising your son 60 basis. Yes.


Yes it is. Yes.


Because the Bidirectionality ruler ships, you're taking the sun.


No sun in the sixth is based off the ninth house energy.


Aries. Yeah, you're a Leo rising.


You have sun in six, that's off of your first house, not your, not your ninth house.


Leo is in your first house.


So it's based off of this energy that's pulling into the sixth house.


'cause the sun rules, Leo, don't get hung up on the natural rulership.


I'm gonna have to go back to natural rulership.


Some people are getting hung up onto it.


Natural rulership contributes to related energies, not to energy flow.


So when you're seeing like the natural ruler of the first house is Aries, you're not going to Mars to complete this.


Where Leo is, you're using Mars as an ad, the the plus sign.


So you're taking the first house as naturally ruled by Aries.


That's to understand that the first house is Aries themes.


It's expressing through Leo.


Leo for you is going into the sixth house to understand more of your actions and the things that you do.


You're going to put a plus sign and say also, if your Mars is, is up there, for instance, you're also gonna say, while that's happening, it's the with versus while theory.


While that's happening, I'm also, I take action in this way at the same time.


So it's a combination of I put my energy into service and others, but I also put my energy into, um, higher education and the bigger picture.


However, the difference between the Aries energy and the first house energy, just specifically for these, is that the first house has the ascendant.


So your motivations are derived off of your Leo energy.


But again, we'll do Sharon's having a Carly moment.


We'll talk about that again in another.


Cool, any other questions? I think we're good.


Cool, cool, cool. Um, talked about a lot.


Mental health. So mental health is one that you're gonna get a lot of.


Uh, first place you always look for mental health is where a lot of people think it's the 12th house and Neptune, it is not.


Um, what was that sixth?


Yes, sixth house is where you're gonna look.


Why do we say the sixth house?


For anybody that has taken all the classes, you know that the six houses naturally Virgo, ruled Virgo is nat is is ruled by Mercury on the outward analytical side of it, the earth expression of it, the reality expression of it.


And because it rules our health, it goes along with the herbalism, um, uh, physiology that actually will be teaching pretty soon.


That there are multiple brains in the body, the digestive system having one of them.


So, um, you know, you have your head brain and then you have your, uh, your digestive brain.


And that digestive brain, uh, is what contributes to the real world.


This is what we call, you know, it contributes to our gut feelings with the sextile to the fourth house and that level of intuition and, uh, assessing those gut feelings into whether they are something.


So your fourth and sixth house relating to each other contributes to whether or not your gut feelings are something that you, um, you trust and validate or something that you go against.


But your sixth house is mercury ruled.


That means that is not just health in the physical sense.


The first house Quinn Cos is into the sixth.


So yes, you have the physical element that is pushing into the sixth, but then you have the actual mental element of it, which is the realistic, the reality of things.


The, uh, analyst analytics and the potential overthinking of things, uh, that is natural to Virgo.


Uh, looking for that sense of realistic perfectionism.


And that's a, an interesting thing between the sixth and the 12th house that I haven't really discussed much, is that the sixth and 12th are both about perfectionism.


It's just that the sixth house is perfectionism in a real world.


And the 12th house is perfectionism in a utopian way.


Um, there it's um, you know, believing that, you know, between hope, inspiration, a higher power and things that you don't have any control over, that, you know, things can be perfect.


And that's a danger, obviously, of Pisces Energy, which I'll be discussing in an upcoming podcast.


Actually, if you guys wanna catch it, that's accurate.


A have y'all say that a lot, don't you? I love it.


I love it that this is all clicking for you guys.


Um, so yeah, so mental health is the sixth house.


This is where you start for mental health.


Now, Ashley and I are, excuse me guys, I have this dry cough thing going on.


Ashley and I are working on, um, not actively right now 'cause we have so much going on.


But in 20 25, 1 of the goals that we have is to really get into mental health in terms of medical astrology and taking her alchemistic herbalism and taking alchemistic astrology and finding a beautiful union between them to really expand our knowledge of these things.


Because, you know, we want to not just come from an astrological sense, but we want to come from a realistic, practical, pragmatic, um, energetic experience where you can look at a chart and know exactly what's going on and why, what organs are being affected and so on.


And if you look at me, if you've ever looked into medical astrology, um, every single, every single article, every single website, whatever, um, has different, like e every, every organ's ruled by a different sign or a different planet.


Um, the herb astro herbology, it's like they try to say, oh, this plant is ruled by the sun because it's whatever.


And it's like, no, you're just taking random traits and trying to apply.


It becomes opinion at that point.


And, you know, we want just like we, just like Ashley does with, as with Alchemistic herbalism, just as she does with her tarot, and just as I do with alchemistic astrology, if we're gonna teach it, we're gonna know we're gonna utilize it.


We want it to be practical, we want it to be real.


And we wanna make sure that if it works for Carly, that it works for Lauren, that it works for Sharon, that it works for anybody else, right?


We wanna make sure that it works across the board.


So that's one of the things that we want to dive into.


But, um, but yeah, you, so you, you have your, your six house and this attributes directly into why diet is so important and why we push diet so much.


Because your six house is also all the details.


What are the details? Nutrition, right?


Nutrition is all the facts and figures that lead into how it's gonna process into the digestive tract.


Reading them and, um, and understanding the different thi not understanding, but reading them and knowing the different things that are in there will contribute to the understanding of how they actually interact within your mental health.


It's also important to, just before we even look at the rest of the chart, to understand that the third house is your neurological system.


It is your, um, your brain and your communications.


It is how you think and it's your personal.


Um, before we even get to the digestive, before we even get to the analytics and the details, it is the things that lead into that on the mercurial side.


And you'll notice that Gemini's energy, the third house and Virgos energy, the sixth house, are in a natural square with each other, which means the third house always conflicts with the sixth house.


We know that in alchemistic astrology planet A or energy A is the problem and planet B or energy B is the solution.


And we have to adjust the first one to that.


So when you are having digestive issues and health issues, your third house is actually conflicting.


Now, one thing we haven't really gotten into here, because it'll be in my book and then I'm gonna do an entire course on this, is the foundational relationship of energetic expression or free theory.


Uh, you know, I've been using it to kind of explain these things.


But the third house naturally to the sixth house is in a square.


Your anxiety comes from third house stuff.


It comes from your mercury placement.


Your mercury encompasses both of those things equally.


So your Gemini and your Virgo energy, but your third house being your, um, your inner wheels, Gemini, and then Gemini, where it sit in your chart.


All these things contribute to anxiety, to, um, stimulation that that can be, that needs to be balanced out with, with how much stimulation you have.


Um, um, when I say anxiety, stress, stress is the other one.


So these two houses contribute to stress.


Stress contributes naturally through a square, harshly.


'cause it's a square. A square is a multiplication, right?


It's not just a, here you go, this is gonna affect you a little bit.


No, a square is like, I'm taking over type of energy.


So that third house stuff leads to your sixth house.


When you think something, you have an idea, it will conflict with whether or not that idea has any practicality.


When you think something, whether or not that's real or not, that's, that's what we have to figure out.


And what you think in your perception and what you see in the world tends to override reality often, which means you always have to go to what's real and analyze it.


This is where critical thinking has become a problem in the world, or lack of it and critical thinking.


So important, you have to critically think in order to say, are my ideas and my perception valid?


So what ends up happening is any overload, any outta balance, anything that happens here is going to contribute greatly and directly in an exponential manner to your mental health.


So the first thing that we always say is, of course, your trauma.


The amount of trauma is going to be factored in from your mental health.


Your mental health is gonna lead into, um, your traumas which are fed from your emotional stability and security, which are in conflict with your, um, your mental perception anyway.


Your conscious and your subconscious minds are not in tandem usually.


So you have to make sure that your reality, your perception, you are seeing the things that you wanna see, you are acknowledging the things you are, your mindset about the world.


And when you think about the world is not negative because all of that contributes to your stress, your anxiety, and then overall your mental health.


Your mental health is fed by your physical health.


What's interesting is your physicality leads into your, your, um, into your mentality, into your, uh, your actual health here.


It doesn't actually work the other way around.


So whatever's going on in your body is fed by many things, and that leads to a deterioration in your mental health.


It, the Quin cos doesn't work backwards. Oops.


So it's not that your mental health is feeding your physical body, it's that everything else is contributing to your lack of exercise.


Your lack of movement, your lack of purpose and motivation in doing anything all contributes to your mental health.


If you, and this is why I say all the time, if you have, if you are trying to seek a partner, right?


A lot of people are so infatuated finding a partner.


It's like if you don't have anything going on for you, your mental health is gonna lead directly into other people.


So you're either gonna argue with them, you're not gonna listen to them, they're not gonna listen to you.


Your conversations are gonna be off.


Is it directly impacts your hormones, which is also a seventh house thing.


You have to have motivations in your life.


If you have nothing going on in your life, you have no motivations, you don't want to do anything, your mental health is going to suffer.


Your mental health is I balanced with your 12th house.


This is why people think the 12th house is mental health.


It's not, it's substances, it's escapism.


So when you have no motivations, the thing you do is escape.


You go to the other side of it, you say, I'm not doing anything.


I'm gonna run away. I don't wanna work anymore.


I'm just gonna do absolutely nothing.


And you, you can't do that because the escapism feeds back into conflicts again with you doing anything.


And this little Quin K's opposition, semis, exile cycle, even without including the rest of it in the free theory, it keeps you in that loop, in that cycle which deteriorates your, um, your mental health.


And that then through the opposition, through the not having nutrition for not nurturing, not taking care of yourself, leads you back into that first house of, of lack of hope, not having inspiration, you know, not, and the positive sides of, of, um, of Pisces Energy.


I don't know why I couldn't think of that Pisces Energy feeding in.


So it's very important that you focus in on you, um, because that leads into your mental health.


It leads into your physical health as a result.


So, so that being said, each one of these is going to be different.


What is the structure when it comes to your, your physical and mental health?


What is the structure? What is the activity that you're doing?


What is the recreation behind it?


The purpose, this is what you do, this is why you do it, right?


So when it comes to fitness, a lot of people are asking, well, what house is it?


Well, obviously fitness itself can be a theme as well.


Once you get into fitness, you say, okay, fifth house is fitness, first house is how I do it.


But now I'm thinking in the theme of fitness.


The whole thing is back in there.


When it comes to the value of it, when it comes to, um, the mindset, when it comes to the mechanics of it, when it comes to the rest and relaxation, how much of it do I need?


Am I the type of person that needs to like, be on it?


Or am I the type of person that needs to, um, rest and relax a little bit more?


Because that's the type of energy I have, which feeds into the type of body type I have.


Um, this would be the, the higher education.


This would be the expansion.


Uh, where do I travel to, to exercise? How do I feel safe?


How do I feel invigorated?


How do I feel like this is for me, uh, type of energy that pulls into it.


The seventh house is whether or not you relate to other people, uh, what type of balance that you're gonna need when it comes to health and fitness and things of that nature.


The eighth house is other people's resources, but it's also intensity.


So it's going to be how intense are your workouts and, um, what type of workouts are going to give you the, the most benefit that is gonna lead into the, the, the transformation of your physical body.


So, you know, you can look at your first and fifth house, but if you ignore your eighth house, then you're not, especially if you're trying to like body build or you're trying to like lose weight or whatever.


If you don't look at that eighth house because that feeds directly into your first house, you're not gonna know what is going to give you those maximum changes.


And you have to read that chart in that way to know it.


Otherwise you could be that type of person.


Look, I was this type of person who, who went to the gym even before I was bodybuilder, who went to the gym constantly.


And like, I saw a little bit, but I didn't really see the results I thought I wanted to see.


And then you start breaking it down by body.


Like we talked about the house being the fourth house.


But then you break in the rooms and you know, the attic becomes an area, the basement becomes an area, the kitchen becomes an area.


Um, and the purpose of it, you do the same thing with the body.


The first house is the physical body.


But when we break down and we look at the lens of the physical body, you know, you have each one of these rules, a different area.


You have, you know, the lungs, you have the heart, you have the chest, you have the, um, and, and the abs.


You have, you know, the core, the chest and the abs.


This is actually more chest. This is abs.


Um, you have the, um, the, the lower portion of your abs that leads into your digest digestive tract.


You have your hormones and your hips.


Um, you have your, your butt hole because Pluto rules poop.


You have your reproductive system, you have your thighs, you um, you have your bones and your skin.


You have your spine and your joints and your ankles specifically.


And you have your feet over here with Pisces Energy.


And then it starts over here where this is your head Taurus energy back here in this area with your face and your mouth and whatnot.


So all of that is, is, um, all here where the, where the glute sat.


Eighth, eighth house glutes are eighth house.


Um, your ability to walk is based off of your butt.


If you don't have a butt, you can't walk.


That's the muscle that actually of all the stuff in your leg, that's the one that actually controls you actually walking.


And that's that Quin Ks back into the first house.


Um, based on a Leo, rising fitness equals intensity.


Uh, each, each person's gonna be different.


But Leo Rising's base for the intensity is not intense unless that eighth house ruler's back in the eighth house or, um, related to Pluto.


Now for like, for me and a lot of people, because these two have been like this for quite a while, there is a level of intensity in there, but there's also a level in of intensity within rest periods, within, uh, anything else that's pi c like swimming or like casual or dance or anything like that.


You gotta work that booty. You do booty gains.


It is real Pluto, second house, Neptune forth.


Yeah, I mean we have to factor all of it, but you know, you're taking Neptune and you're putting that into the intensity has to be good for the heart.


So, um, that would be the baseline.


So it, it, you have to, you have to also watch, depending on how it's sitting in your chart, you would have to watch your heart rate.


You'd have to be very on it.


Like what would work really well for you would be, um, either like hit training or something that really gets your heart going to a point where it's like pounding a little bit.


We just have to make sure it doesn't overdo it.


Um, you know, you said insanity, like yeah, insanity, weight, workouts, um, those types of things.


Uh, anything that is going to be like high incline, likely, again, I'd have to look at it, but it's more about pressure and intensity and we'd have to see what else is there.


Like tension over time is a natural, um, physical property of building muscle, but it works differently for everyone.


You made a fitness program on her chart, that's great, Ty be yeah, anything that continues that has intensity that also has some sort of spiritual element.


So Ty be, is actually a really good one.


Um, or some sort of dance element, again, kind of like Ty Bow or has some sort of like, um, doing it to music and keeping with the beat of the music and not letting yourself let up.


You just have to make sure that there's no conflict within like Mars or blood flow or Jupiter, where you can tend to take it too far and see how, how your rest periods are showing in there as well on top of ta.


I don't know how to say that, but yes, could be that only a show have is my knees.


So, you know, again, we would look at that first, first thing I would tell you is you said knees at my age, I would knock that off because when I was 15 years old, there was a martial art called Ko Muto that had just come out.


And my instructor's instructor, instructor was one of the four grandmas who created it.


So I was one of the first people in the world to ever learn this martial art.


And the guy, one of the guys, one of the four, he was 88 years old at the time, I don't think he's still alive, but he was 88 years at at the time.


And he ran across three kids holding a, a bag, didn't just run across, but kicked each one of them and then went and kicked the last thing that someone was on someone's shoulders holding a piece of X-ray paper at the end of it.


And, um, you know, he, he could do things I couldn't do when I was 16.


So we have to get that mindset of age out.


Like the age is just a marker.


And yes, obviously over time, if, you know, depending on how well we did or didn't take care of ourselves, we have to do our best to reverse some of the damage we've done.


Some things are much more difficult.


Mindset's a huge part of it though.


Um, but ever since I, I, I will never forget that.


I will never forget seeing an 88-year-old man who's way shorter than me, be way higher than me after kicking three in the air and not hitting the ground and being up there afterwards.


It was just, it was a surreal experience.


You had cancer 22 age never matters on either.


Yeah, on either end. That's true.


Um, but we have to have that resilience and that's eight house energy as well.


So we, we talked about mental health and health, um, you know what, it's gonna come down to every single stretching and flexibility is extremely important.


A hundred percent when it comes down to, you know, looking at the mental health, like for me, my mental health always comes from overdoing stress from emotional trauma that's trapped.


That's where a lot of my stress comes.


And all these retrogrades basically tell you that I put that stress on myself or I take other people's stuff and I build up my own stress.


And then I have, I wouldn't call it anxiety, um, but it definitely affects my hormone levels.


And, uh, it, it affects, um, a lot of things and it creates a feeling of stress in my, my south node being in the sixth house, I am naturally akin to that stress.


So it gives me that, that superpower.


It's like no matter how stressed I am, for the most part, I can handle more stress than most people.


But I'm not supposed to. You are not supposed to.


We are not supposed to do that.


And you know, just because we can doesn't mean we should.


Um, because ultimately speaking it, it's going to affect, you know, the digestive tract and you'll notice the more stress you are, the weirder your food processes, especially when you're eating properly, um, joins how they're yay for.


Yeah, a hundred percent. So are, are there any other questions about mental health and fitness?


Um, you know, this is how your body would need to work.


So like, for instance, for me, my motivations behind doing it is something different.


It can't be the same every single time.


There has to be some sort of hands element in there, but also some sort of mental, um, involvement in what I'm doing.


This is why mind muscle connection was really easy for me.


Uh, and then I realized that that was something that was good for me.


And then the actual recreation of doing it and, uh, and the purpose behind, um, behind the recreational side of it, uh, for me it was, it was much, it was a lot about the experience, uh, for me and the friends that I made during that time, literally stressed myself into thyroid.


Guess it was a long per thyroid. Cancer is a long person.


Stress is you stress, stress is so much also, you know, hidden, uh, unconscious and subconscious traumas.


Absolutely. If your Saturn was in the ninth in areas, how would anxiety present?


Um, so it would, it would not present.


So, okay, so basically you're saying if Saturn was up here, so basically, um, it's not as much about stress in that case as much as it is about overwhelm, and then that overwhelm leads into stress.


Now I kind of already have that on a personal level, but this would be a much more outward level where I would over exaggerate depending on the decking.


But I would over exaggerate, taking on too much responsibility, feeling like I could do everything, and, um, trying to be a perfectionist in every single thing I'm doing, while also trying to do everything without allowing myself to get anything really done, especially since my Saturn's in retrograde.


And then that would contribute to probably more stress than I have now.


Oh, damn. Accurate truth, dude.


Well, yeah, it, it, you're, you're feeding it into the ninth house.


And the ninth house. Like, like I've mentioned a million times, Jupiter, they, they say is this grand planet, it's so good.


And you know, there's a lot of good to it there.


There's a jovial aspect, there's a theatrical aspect, there's optimism, but there's also just a numbers game and a little bit of an eroticism that comes with Jupiter.


I put up in Mystic Circle yesterday, I think a lot of you guys already saw this, uh, but it was a post and this, this gif and I've been holding onto a lot of this information.


I'm like, when do I post this?


And this is one that I was just like, I think this is a good time to just talk a little bit about the astronomical side of things.


And it was a gift that says, here's Jupiter, here's the, the main moon, here's another moon, here's another moon.


It kind of zooms out and then all of a sudden it's just this, this chaotic barrage of moons because there's so many, they're all going in different directions.


They all have different orbit paths, somehow they're not colliding, but there's a lot of them.


And then when we get into, uh, um, the, the Jupiter Trojans, which sit at 60 degrees before and after, so you have basically a sextile relationship from Jupiter to all of these little space debris, asteroids and whatnot that both lead and trail.


It brings more context to it in terms of the numbers game.


It has the most Trojans, um, you know, within its orbit path than any other planet.


And it just kind of brings in that chaos, but also that understanding of how you can work with things that have already happened, how you can work with things that haven't happened yet to bring opportunity into your life.


But that level of chaos is when you look at it, you probably felt overwhelmed.


If you saw that gif you probably felt overwhelmed.


And just for the sake of not making everybody go find that post, in case you're watching this like a year later, I wanna show you real quick what it looks like.


And it is this right?


Um, and then the Trojans one is this. So this is orbit.


You can see Jupiter on the right side coming up on the top, assuming it's not backwards.


And then you see all those green dots.


Those are all space debris and asteroids and whatnot.


And they're all, um, uh, viably locked, meaning they're stable.


So there's a little bit of movement for the, but for the most part it just continues like this on and on and on.


And you say you don't see anything here, we'll do it this way.


We'll do it one more time just to make sure you guys see it.


We here is Jupiter. Here's a couple of the moons.


Let's try it again. Here's Jupiter.


There's a couple of the moons and as it goes out, we're zooming out more moons, more moons, more moons, ah, all those moons all orbiting in different paths.


And then these sort of the Trojans, you can see Jupiter that is sitting on this side coming up towards the top.


All the green are those Trojans in the sextile positions.


They're 60 degrees and those are stable and it's locked.


And these are the paths from the sun all the way out to Jupiter in orbit.


So there is that.


Um, let me reshare this screen.


Uh, so there, there is that, um, nutrition, same thing.


What is good for your body series is a big part of this, uh, which I'm not gonna dive into right now, but when we get into series, this is literal nutrition, like physical, physical nurturing in terms of nutrition and things you physically do, um, for taking care of yourself and taking care of other people on a physical level.


Nurturing. Also, it is, um, literal birth and recycle and death cycles and how you handle it.


So that is series important to understand how it aspects things and how it sits, uh, in your chart.


We then have, when you're talking about nutrition, um, you're talking about like, um, the structure, the type of foods that you have in terms of like their structure.


Your schedule would be more on the sixth, but you know, what you're trying to achieve long-term and how you would achieve long-term goals in, in terms of taking care of your body, taking care of structure, that's gonna sit.


Alright, Carly, catch the replay leader, I'll see you.


Um, we'll sit there.


The 11th house is gonna talk about variety.


So the different things that you're going to need in terms of and how you handle, um, how your body handles and how your energy handles variety in your, uh, in your diet and within the nutrition that you need.


Each one of these correlates to a different, uh, body.


The value that you're gonna get and the resources and the types of food is gonna be here in the second house.


And again, for this one, it points again into the 11th house, which is all about that variety.


It's all about like small foods.


This person is going to be a snacker because the the third house going into the, into Gemini in the 11th.


Um, so you would have to utilize that energy and realize that this person needs to snack.


And if you, um, this would not be a three meal a day person.


This person will not function properly off of three meals.


This person has to have intermittent, um, to kind of keep their fuel.


They're like going as they're doing activities.


And this is gonna be because of the rulers retrograde.


They're going to forget to do it.


So you have to align with this, which is why when I body built, what I would do is I would have my, you know, bigger meals around the time I was doing physical activity, but then we would always have smaller meals and supplemental snacks and things of that nature to get the extra protein and whatnot and keep myself from like deteriorating that muscle.


Uh, I had to do it that way.


I couldn't do the like three, four meals a day.


It just doesn't work that way.


There are people who can, and it will show that in their chart.


So there's that self-love was the next one on the list.


So self-love is, um, is always gonna start with the second house because it is your self value, right?


Um, as the second house, it is part of the 12th, first and second, this grouping that we have 12, one and two.


And um, therefore it's before it leads anything personal.


It's not about, you know, personality or, or not personality.


Well, it is about personality.


It does con, you know, it does square off into the fifth house, but it has to do with the things.


There's gonna be a level of whether or not you, you are sentimental or not is gonna be here.


But when it comes to nurturing, being nurtured, those types of things, there's gonna be a varying level of self-care.


And through the sextile, you'll have to figure out how much of the fourth house you're gonna feed into the second house.


And a lot of this outside of lenses, you're also going to apply free theory.


And it's going to, it's gonna answer every single question you could ever have because the relationships between them are extremely important.


For instance, when you're talking about self-love, if you are doing things, your sense of value, if you are doing things but you are not aligning those things with things that are valuable to you, you are not doing things that, um, are good for your talents and your, uh, ability to make money or use resources or anything like that, and you're just kind of putting your energy out into the world without aligning with that second house, you're not gonna feel aligned.


You're not gonna feel a sense of purpose.


You could even, depending on what planets and and energies are involved, you could easily be depressed or, um, add to your own anxiety.


Again, it depends on what's there.


Uh, but for me, my mental health is tied into my self self worth and my self value as a Leo rising and the first house semis sex talk to the second house in free theory says that you have to pour your energy into what is valuable you have to start doing for you as it pertains to your sense of value and worth.


So your sense of mental health is, and self-love is gonna tie into whatever sitting in your second house there and the grand Rine, I didn't talk about the Grand Rines before, but the grand tribe from there is gonna lead into your mental health.


Your mental health is gonna lead into your sense of stability and your long-term goals and, uh, sense of achievement and what you've done over time, which should lead directly back in it.


It, it should tell you what to do to lead back into, um, your own sense of self-worth.


So when we're looking at self-worth in general, you know, how, what we need to do mentally to contribute to that self-worth.


We're pulling our worth and putting it into the third house.


But we have to understand that third house first.


So we have to understand what it means to, you know, our, our sense of personal identity, which we often attribute to the fifth house in Leo, but that's more of a personality and purpose of being here.


It's more of how we express ourselves, but our identity as a mental thing.


We identify by name, we identify by things that we associate with.


Um, and you know, it, it has to do with a grouping thing.


So, and titles and things of that nature.


And that 10th house of title being Queen CO's the third house, uh, the mental there, that is how we associate and that's why everybody wants to label everything all the time.


And your sense of identity is going to lead directly or is going to be contributed to directly by your sense of self-worth and value.


So if you don't feel very good about yourself, you're not eating properly, you're not taking care of yourself in any way that is going to contribute to your value.


You're not buying things that are good for you.


You're, you're wasting your money on things that have nothing to do with anything.


That is all gonna lead into your sense of identity.


It feeds directly into it the things that you can do in terms of talents also.


So like, if you're a good singer, sometimes you'll hear someone say, I'm a, you know, I'm a singer.


They are, they excel at drawing.


They'll say, I'm an artist, right?


'cause the second leads into the third if you can't say I'm in anything.


Um, and there's a level of sometimes you don't wanna label yourself, but if you can't say anything along those lines, I'm not anything that means there's a self-worth problem because you haven't assessed your talents, you haven't assessed, you know, the things that make you valuable based off of what you put your energy into.


And remember, the entire chart has always worked backwards.


So ultimately, if you're lost in what you put your energy into, go back into la la land and daydream for a minute and whatever fantasy comes in your head, start working about, you know, what's the, how could I make that fantasy a part of anything in my life?


Like how would that even work?


And you know, am I, how would I do it?


Because that's your sense of individuality.


And then you go into, um, the 10th house of, of you know, the goals that you would set.


Like if I wanted to do this, I would have to do this, this, this, and this.


And then you think the bigger picture, well, that could contribute to this, this, and this.


And then this goes into the eighth house and goes all the way back around and you get into your identity, which ties back into here, which ties into what you do.


And then you work it forward based on the plan you've made in reverse.


So that's how these energies work.


Um, in terms of the sextile into the fourth house, this has to do with nurturing and being nurtured.


This has to do with how you are, um, just on a personal level and attributing to things that are the core element of who you are.


A lot of people get lost when it comes to self-worth, uh, in, in the rest of the world.


And it's very easy to do that.


There has to be an element of personnel, you know, things, something that is personal to you, some element of care that has to go in, uh, to attribute in with what you're doing here with all the second house stuff.


Your second house is also gonna square with your fifth house.


So the people who tend to be overly dramatic, they're doing so because they don't have a good positive self-worth that is the square between the second and the fifth.


Remember that is, um, an expressive multiplicative, um, energy from from two to five, from Taurus to Leo.


When you have it positive and you're in a good place, you're expressing yourself through the things that you want to do as opposed to pushing out drama upon everybody else to try to get validated.


Um, mental health, and I'm sorry, self-love is also gonna come down to, you know, understanding your own beliefs and how beliefs work in your, um, in your energy.


So if there's an affliction here, understanding where your beliefs come from, why you have them, and how culture is what your personal culture and how you identify with culture, that's gonna contribute greatly because of the queen clunks into the second house of value.


The bigger picture, allowing yourself to express yourself out in the world.


Um, traveling.


When, whenever you come across somebody who's traveled a lot, they tend to have a much higher sense of self-worth.


They're, they're value just raises exponentially.


And it's because of the, the inherency of, um, knowing who they are and where they came from through the sextile, the fourth house, but allowing themselves to travel and seeing more cultures and where other people came from and seeing a bigger picture and being more, um, you know, having that higher level of wisdom and that contributes again to self-worth and money and value and whatnot as well.


So whenever you're looking at, you know, the queen cones to me are extremely important and they have to be in the proper order.


So for instance, your self-worth in the second house contributes automatically to how you treat people.


So people who have a low sense of self worth with that Quin cos automatically, you know, take it out on other people.


And, um, and conversely, the ninth house, their beliefs, their views, um, are also contributing to value and worth.


So if they have a negative outlook they have, which would be the ninth house, if they have a mindset and outlook, this is how you think, this is the broader picture of it.


So technically the word mindset, um, depending on how you're using it would likely be Sagittarian ninth house energy.


But it feeds directly into that.


And then there's an element of faith that has to contribute as well.


And in in fact value.


There's a level of value within faith.


There's a le level of tangibility within faith because it works this way.


But once you have gotten, and you're coming from the vantage of Tarus energy, which is sitting here in the second house, you know, that faith and hope and optimism that comes from here.


All of those are feeding in.


Are there any specific, I know Renado was the one who asked about self-love.


Are there any specific questions about self-love that you have, um, before I move on to a different topic to make sure that I've covered that?


Okay, cool. Um, before I'm gonna switch the order of these last two spirituality, 'cause I already kind of touched on that.


Faith, belief, uh, faith, belief, spirituality and opinion and your philosophies.


You know, these obviously this squares off with this, this has to be in the lead.


So a lot of people have beliefs and they don't know why they have those beliefs.


Um, but when it comes to your spirituality and your intuition, um, this is how you take action on your intuition and whether or not you trust your intuition to lead into the things that you do.


When we just do things without any sort of intuition, we can get lost very easily because it's con this is conflicting with this.


However, that intuition needs to lead into what we choose to do.


And that's why the 12th leads into the first and semis sex talk.


And we talked about value as it pertains to faith.


And there needs to be a level of value in there.


Whether or not we, we put all of our stock into faith or we have a little bit in there, it needs to be, you know, tied in the third set.


Third house is your logic.


It usually conflicts with your intuition.


This is where a lot of the problem tends to come from.


And when you're looking within a chart, you might see something like, um, you know, the the 12th house ruler, um, you know, squaring off with mercury or something like that.


Uh, or there's a million ways that this can play out.


But essentially the intuition actually becomes the problem because the person, when it's, when it's the 12th house, house ruler, it's a square up to mercury.


The first house is actually the first planet.


Energy is pro, is actually the problem.


So therefore there's actually an issue with the intuition.


'cause it's not aligning with the logic, which means the logic doesn't understand the intuition, so therefore they disregard it, um, because they can't, they don't know how to put it into like words or, or, um, analyze it so that there's something real with it.


And that person would have to look in their chart at the rest to figure out how to resolve that.


Um, but the, the third house is, can be our problem with intuition.


And especially someone like me.


I'm highly, I'm highly intuitive, but I'm highly logical and this often does conflict with it.


And when I'm able to use, um, when I'm able to be comfortable within the logic of something, or within my thoughts of it based on my own experiences and other experiences I've had, especially looking from an ethereal lens or, you know, through trauma through something a bit more deep, I'm able to, to then bring the sextile back in, to bring in a level of spirituality.


And, um, you know, with my north note in the 12th house, it's also saying spirituality's gonna be uncomfortable, which you've heard me say over and over and over, uh, the 10th house, when it comes to your structure in terms of intuition, it's gonna, it has to do more with like, does intuition align with goals?


How can I use the intuition?


Um, is between the 10th and the first house, but the 10th house is more like, how does that align with everything?


Intuitively speaking, what, what am I leading towards?


Um, your intuition in terms of the seventh house is how you connect to other people and the balance that is required within intuition to say, am I playing devil's advocate or am I blindly accepting this intuition?


Um, am I thinking of the other side of it?


Am I conversing with spirit, so to speak?


Which doesn't have to be a verbalized thing, it doesn't have to be an outward thing.


It's more of a kind of, for me, 'cause it's Aquarius energy, it's more of processing it.


Uh, how would that work if I listen to this thing that's intuitively, how would, how would that work for me?


Uh, in playing devil's advocate, sometimes you have to like, intuitively, I know it's this, well, what if it was this?


And then you have to allow yourself to intuitively assess the other side as well.


Um, so I hope that's good.


And then the last one was hobbies.


Um, actually right before hobbies, spirituality, when you're looking at the entire chart also says like, within the, the lens of spirituality, how does my mindset have to be?


Um, you know, what do, what would I think about what would be the way that I kind of communicate spirituality?


The fifth house would be like, what's the point in the spirituality?


Like, why, why would I be spiritual?


What would I need to gain out of it?


The sixth house would be any element of routine, if there is any, within a spiritual practice.


And then you do the same thing for all the other ones.


Um, the philosophy and the mindset, the mythology, the storytelling of spirituality would be all in the ninth house.


The beliefs that come from it, how those beliefs are formed would be the energy of the ninth house as well.


The eighth house would be immersing into it, seeing what's not there, what the hidden aspects of the spirituality are.


Um, if you're talking about actually having a spiritual practice, what is the more taboo element of it?


Am I okay with that?


The 12th house is not the subconscious, it's the unconscious.


The fourth house is the subconscious.


So those are two very distinct things.


The 12th house is the unknown.


The fourth house is what we feel, um, and how those develop internalized habits that become a, a core of who we are.


So our subconscious actions are actually based off of emotion.


Our unconscious are like our dreams and, um, and things that appear to come outta nowhere.


And that connection to faith and inspiration and whatnot, that's all an unconscious act.


Sometimes those things do blend.


For Leo Risings, like myself, trauma is unconscious.


Um, the, the unconscious is subconscious and then the subconscious is trauma.


So they, because of the way the wheel turns, and then of course when you follow the rulers, you get more varying degrees of how that plays in as well.


For hobbies, when you're looking at the hobbies, you know, you start with the fifth house 'cause you wanna understand recreation, you can start with the sun as well to see, um, you know, what type of energy that is.


If you're starting with the sun as a planet, and this applies to everything we've talked about, but if you start as the sun or whatever ruler relation, when we talked about money, and you start at Venus, you have to look at again, the bidirectionality of the rulership.


For me, the sun is my chart ruler.


So it in, it's a delegate of Aries energy.


It's a delegate of the first house.


There's nothing else except Hige, which you may or may not include in there, which has to do with, you know, cleanliness and things that are, um, a bit both physically and not physically clean as it pertains to anything that's like too much or, um, you know, beliefs or, um, you know, expansion, teaching, things of that nature.


Um, for instance, this is probably a good example is I, I, as a kid especially, I still don't, dirt under my fingernails is like a no-go is a no bueno.


And I have my hygeia conjunct, you know, the ascendant.


And um, and that's all in my 11th house in Gemini, which is, you know, the, the, the fingers themselves, um, there and, you know, having to keep checking it is the 11th house energy.


And then the sun itself is trying Pluto in retrograde and there's a bunch of other stuff.


But that, that's one of the main things with the cleanliness there.


It's, you know, there's a belief that I'm dirty if there's any dirt under my fingernails.


So like I'm constantly looking at my fingernails, like make sure they're clean, put a little thing, um, kind of a compulsive thing.


But, um, yeah, that energy's there.


Uh, so you're looking at your, when it comes to physical activity, what you put your energy into, again, with everything you're putting your ascendant into play.


But when it comes to the actual recreation and hobbies for, you know, just for fun games, whatever, this is how you also play games.


This is what types of games you'd be interested in, what kind of energy you need.


Like for me, having, you know, one to two friends around, you know, small groups, um, and being able to bring them in and uh, and you know, play recreation.


I love puzzle games, figuring things out, which is 11th House.


I love word games, like word, you know, word searches and crosswords and stuff like that.


That's all Gemini's type of energy in the fifth house would be the other side of it.


Uh, video games, which would be technology and media.


Uh, those two are there ones that I can immerse myself into.


I don't like straightforward games.


I like ones where I get to choose where, where things are going.


That's those retrogrades that are there.


Um, and then that all leads into the fourth house, which is, you know, ev every one of those things is a very personalized thing for me.


But it, it doesn't, I don't usually choose my own games either.


I usually choose my games based off what other people like, like the other people are like, I really like this game.


And then I'm like, okay, I'll try that one.


Um, and that's because it's in Scorpio on the fourth house, or I go to other people's houses, I play their games and then like, I'm like, oh, I like that game.


I'll go buy it for myself. It's that type of energy.


So hobbies are gonna be there.


Now when you take the greater lens of it and you're looking at everything, it's like, how, how would I immerse myself into it?


Well, I would immerse myself into recreation or hobbies or the type of hobby that I would have would have to be something that involves imagination in order for me to invest in it.


And then that needs to go into the fifth house where there's a purpose behind it.


Like, I'm not going to play it if there's no point.


I don't, I don't tend to, like, I love free.


Okay, I'm bringing it back to video games for a second, but I like free world games, but I don't like the ones where it's like I'm just walking around and there's no mission, there's no reason to do anything.


I'm just, I get to explore.


Like, I love to explore, but, and I love those free world games.


I loved Spider-Man, but when it was like, okay, you've got 15 minutes to just swing around and do whatever, and unless I knew I could stumble across some, across something and like jump into another thing.


I don't want 15 minutes. I want a reason to do something.


So that was very important.


So whenever you see the, the eighth House ruler in the fifth house when it comes to hobbies or anything really.


Then in order to immerse yourself into something in order to dive deeper, um, especially when it comes to imagination with Pisces here, imagination or visuals or whatever, uh, there has to be a purpose.


There has to, or something fun about it or something that's like gonna keep it going.


And then that obviously leads to the fourth, um, the ninth house when it comes to hobbies.


If you have a bunch of energies here, it's gonna be something that is, uh, philosophical, something that expands out, something that can grow, something that like, uh, can last longer.


Um, or, or you can do more in that type of energy.


Something where like, you know, how you believe everything is organized, um, would be important.


If you see something in the 10th house, you know, like a, a stallion or whatever in the 10th house, then when it comes to recreation, this person needs rules.


Usually, unless it's Chiron in there or something else.


This person either needs to have rules or make rules, but there has to be some sort of structure and some sort of end game.


So like Scrabble doesn't really have an end game.


It's like, sure, there's points or whatever, but like something like Candyland, if I remember that right?


You have to do this to get to this point, right?


You have to go around three times and then you win.


You know, the people who have that type of structure, that's what they would want out of it.


If you don't have a bunch of stallions here, this is still how you play rules and whatnot.


I have Chiron, the 10th house, when I used to play Monopoly, we used to make up our own rules.


Part of that is my ruler in the 11th house of just being rebellious.


Um, but also the Chiron, the 10th house.


I don't want it to take freaking 17 hours and after four weeks of playing with grandma, you know, monopoly is just like one of those games that's like, that we used to do.


You know, my friends and I used to do, um, we had a set of rules that was like, is very quick and you could start building right away.


You started with more money.


Um, you know, every time you you pay taxes, it went into the middle type of thing.


Instead of going to the bank, it went into the middle.


And then if you hit, if you landed on free parking, you got all of the money in the middle.


Like we had those types of games. And that was important.


When you're looking at hobbies in the 12th house, you know that, um, it's gonna be something media driven, something that has a spiritual nature, like they, they feel inspired to, um, to do that.


Uh, something quite creative.


But even without, when it comes to hobbies in the 12th house, it's more of like, how does that inspiration for that hobby happen?


Um, how does, how does media and how does like, you know, the go with the flow energy contribute, if at all the second house is gonna be the value of that hobby and any talents that are required, um, to go in.


Are there any other questions regarding hobbies?


Uh, if you have a lot of 12 house placements, can that mean that you have an awareness of the unconscious?


You could have an awareness of the unconscious.


Your energy is definitely directed into that realm, um, of the unconscious of the higher power, so to speak.


You're, you're more in tune usually.


'cause remember there can be some configurations that conflict with this, but usually you're more in tune with the fact that there is a higher power, um, and tied into that energy and it becomes a lot of what dictates the things that happen in your life.


And they're all leads kind of into, well this all leads into hope.


This all leads into creativity or inspiration all leads into things that are behind the scenes and unknown.


And I just kind of go with the flow because who knows, like, that could be that type of energy as well.


But it is also, um, with a higher power. Yes.


And more of an awareness of it. Energy cleaning.


Uh, energy is Aquarian Energy.


So depending on how Aquarius, the 11th House ruler Uranus, um, and whatever's going on in the 11th house, however that sits there is gonna tell you what, you know, if energy is a big part of it.


If you have, like, if you're a Pisces Rising, you're more likely to have, you know, depending on your placements, have that type of thing.


Or if you have Neptune in the 11th house, there's various ways that that can play out.


But energy, um, is aquarion energy.


And then spirituality is your 12th house ruler or Neptune or the 12th house itself, all that Pisces Energy.


Any other questions for lenses in general?


Is there anything that I said that didn't make sense that you might need clarity for?


Uh, you guys can turn on your mics too now.


'cause this is the end. I just wanna close this out.


Make sure you guys understand everything that we have talked about.


I know some of you guys are at working, can't really chat like that.


Not supposed to be working.


Oh, we're being shy.


Or you're being shy. Yeah, I just, I wanna round this out, so I just wanna make sure you guys are all good.


I know, I was good. That was good. Yeah, that was good.


Um, I have a question actually, because you have, um, um, I'm sorry, cancer in 12 and you said before about the triangle rah and what if it was, um, Scorpio in 12 pi season fort and can, uh, cancer in eight house?


You want me just to pull up your chart? No, No, no, no. But that would mean like what your unconscious is trauma, your, Oh, okay. Yeah. So yeah, your un you have your unconscious plays out through intensity Okay. And through traumas.


And then obviously you follow Pluto, uh, and then you, you have cancer down.


No, you have Pisces down here.


Yes. Yeah, Pisces.


Yes. Um, yeah. So your emotional comfort, your emotional stability is within the unknown.


It's within, um, the ability to go with the flow.


It is, there is a, a natural ebb and flow that you, you emotionally have to kind of ride like this and that it's, um, anything that has to do with your safety and security is within a greater power, you know, knowing that you're going to feel safe.


And then your eighth house is gonna be in cancer.


So your traumas are usually related to emotional wounds or the mother or the family, especially on the feminine side as well.


And then your emotion, your trauma is also processed and held within your emotions and how you emotionally react to things.


It's also your level of intensity contributes to how you emotionally respond to things.


Okay. Thank you so much. Does that make sense?


Oh, oh, oh, it's Carly, uh, on Cube.


It's a Carly moment On Cuban on Square.


I know how to say it.


Oh, to the third power. Yeah. Yes.


Yes. Okay. Awesome. Yeah, when I, I'm gonna be teaching archetypes pretty soon.


Uh, like I said, I just wanna get through this book that I'm writing and then I'm gonna, you know, generate all these different classes that I feel are important.


And I think that might be the missing link for a lot of you guys.


And like, just do that, you know.


Uh, you guys will all be Carly.


Uh, do I have any other questions before I close this?


Going once and going twice A lot, but we don't have like, Well, anything that has to do with lenses.


Yes, I know, I know. Yeah. Obviously there's questions.


We all wanna get this down.


I want you guys to be able to do, you know, for yourselves what we, what seems to be easy for me, it's not always some people's energies, some energies of the transits.


Even when I do those reports, they're more difficult to, to, um, to decipher.


But, you know, a lot of the things you've learned recently, like, um, PHSR plan, a house sign ruler and then cycling it back, uh, that's obviously been something that, you know, we wanna focus on as well.


But, um, and the inner and the outer wheel I think is important.


Not getting hung, hung up on natural ruler ship's gonna be important.


Being able to look at everything under a lens.


So, like I said, when, you know, I talked about love, understanding that the fifth house has to do with vitality.


Well, why are you in the relationship?


A lot of people forget that.


So they get into the relationship, they have this reciprocating nature, but the fifth house element is gone, which is the, the purpose.


Why did we get in into this relationship?


And when you forget that fifth house in the relationship, you don't have a relationship anymore.


You just have you with somebody else and you're just kind of coexisting.


Then the eighth house is that intensity.


It's that deep bond, it's that intimacy.


It's getting, you know, deeper into whatever is going on with the sixth house, which stems off of the purpose of it.


So one thing that is true of all lenses is that the eighth house is, you know, you what, why would we get closer?


What are we looking for? What's deeper?


Because the fifth house and the purpose is gonna conflict with whether or not we can go deeper.


So once we've assessed the purpose, then we have to say, well, how do we dive deeper?


So we're adding more to the purpose of this and we're, you know, bringing something closer together into, uh, a level of depth that we don't wanna get lost in, but we wanna bring to, again, to the purpose so that it, that the purpose enhances, um, intimacy and any sort of bond that we have with whatever we're doing.


And then it carries forward throughout the rest.


Alright guys, looks like no more questions.


I appreciate you guys being here.


Obviously this is just one webinar.


We'll dive more into this.


Um, if, if anybody either wants to put up a post or if we wanna do another webinar specific to like, we just wanna talk about the lenses of entrepreneurship, or we just wanna talk the lenses about, you know, self-love and whatever, and dive deeper, then we can do that with different questions.


'cause one thing we didn't talk about in this one is that each question is gonna lead you to how you're reading the lenses.


So if somebody's asking you like, I want more community and you know, I want to be in a community, you know, I wanna do hobbies, but I wanna find a community within the hobbies, well we're the hobby itself is the lens, then we need to look in the 11th house.


And we have to also look at the what community needs.


So there's two lenses. One is community and how you would assess with community.


But then the second one is community within the lens of recreation.


So you can dive deeper and deeper and deeper depending on the question on lenses, uh, to get the type of insight that is going to be beneficial for you or the person that's asking.


Appreciate y'all, thank you so much for being here.


Put your takeaways from the lens webinar circle.


Yes, Justin, you can throw up that if you want, as opposed.


Um, thank you guys so much for being here and I will catch you guys on the next one.


As always, vibe higher.