NATAL RETROGRADE OPTIMIZATION:


Obviously, welcome to the Natal retrograde
optimization webinar here.
The purpose of this is for you guys to, um, be able
to understand how to use retrogrades within a natal chart
as you're reading charts
for other people also being able to do the same thing.
Um, as we are looking at a lot of the energies, it,
it's very natural for us to think that, um,
we, we learn things as direct energies.
We don't learn them as retrograde energy.
So while we're trying to understand a natal chart, so
for instance, I'm gonna pull up mine because I've got a ton,
and I'm gonna use some of you guys as examples.
Anybody who doesn't mind having their chart being shown, uh,
obviously it'll help you, but it'll help other people.
I want to use a couple of different examples.
Do it help you do it, do it, do it we'll, do it.
Um, and obviously we're not here to do like chart readings
for anybody, but we are here to help you understand
how this plays in.
So each one of these retrogrades is sitting in your chart
for a reason, right?
It's part of what makes you different from the next person.
And honing in and harnessing them is extremely important.
And when it comes to conformity
and all of us being the same, your retrograde is one
of those things that says, I'm not the same.
It's kinda like Chiron in, in its way.
And Chiron can obviously be retrograde.
We won't be talking about that today.
We'll do a different webinar for Chiron.
We'll include Chiron retrograde in that one.
But, um, as that one represents you being authentic
and unique and doing things for yourself
and that area of life not working,
that's a part of your authenticity.
But so are your retrogrades.
And a lot of people look at retrogrades as like these
huge burdening challenges,
and they definitely feel that way coming up
because in the first parts of your life, these are areas
that don't seem to work, right?
There are things that you're, you feel like you're
missing or you're lacking.
And those are things that you have to go inward to find.
So that's the first thing to realize at the beginning
of your life, wherever you have a retrograde, you can expect
to not have that planet's energy playing
out in a normal way.
Okay? So as we go through each planet,
I wanna discuss different things.
But the first thing I think that's important is
whenever you see a retrograde,
so let's use this as an example.
So we have, um, we have this energy here.
So Mars is gonna go retrograde.
Mars, the first planet, probably the best one to start with.
Mars is gonna go retrograde this year, December 6th, 2024,
at six degrees in the sign of Leo.
This particular one is going to go backwards, right?
Backwards. Retrogrades don't actually move backwards.
A retrograde is the orbit of that planet
and the orbit of earth where we live.
And as it comes around, it seems to do that
where it seems to switch positions,
it seems like we're going faster than the other planet,
which our perception, our relationship
of orbit path makes the other planet look like.
It's going backwards. And from the measurement,
from our vantage point on earth,
that planet is not at 19 degrees anymore.
It's shifting back. Or in this case,
it's not at six degrees anymore,
it's shifting back five degrees, four degrees, oh wait,
now it's back in cancer.
But it's a perception thing. The planet is not slowing down.
The planet is not moving backwards.
It's all about perception.
And this is the energetic relationship of
that planet versus our planet.
So that's the first thing to understand
and to accept is that the planet is still moving just
as fast as it always did.
Maybe speeding up, maybe slowing down whatever
the science is saying at the moment.
But it is moving in a perpetual orbit in the same thing.
And it's not going. Now I'm gonna back up a little bit,
but that is the effect that we have as a perception.
So Mars is gonna go from Leo, it's going
to go backwards in perception, in relationship
to us back into cancer, all the way back to 17 degrees,
and then it's gonna come forward.
So when you are looking at these energies, when you want
to understand pro-grade, pro-grade, pre grade,
post grade retrograde, right?
Those are the four movements of planets.
Pro-grade is just direct, okay?
It's just a normal, it's moving forward.
It's not in pre grade, it's not retrograde,
it's not post grade, it is pro grade.
I mean, just means it's normally, normally moving
and it's, it's, uh,
it's whatever velocity speed that it's going through.
So we know that the direct is just acting out the way
that we learn direct to be.
And when we dive deeper into retrogrades, you also want
to kind of take a look at
the ephemeris at the time you were born to understand
what your planet's really doing,
because your planet might not be retrograde,
but it could have been two days
before retrograde, which means it's more almost inertial,
meaning it's almost retrograde.
It is slowed down. It is not pro grade.
Just because there's no R on it does not mean that it's not
giving you some of those vibes as it slows down.
So each one of your planets might not show a retrograde in
your chart, but in your progressions,
especially if you're young
and one of your planets goes retrograde, it means
that your natal retro, your, your natal planet was close
to retrograde, or it could have been post grade,
it could have been just after.
And at the same thing, it's going through a period of time.
It's already been through hope that makes sense.
So in the case of Leo here, um,
at six degrees, this is going to be from six degrees on,
um, is going to be, uh,
post grade, right?
So we have the retrograde is, is coming here,
and anything once it reaches the second time around.
So once Mars hits six degrees, it's gonna go retrograde.
When it goes back, it's gonna go to, um,
17 degrees of cancer.
And then it's gonna go forward,
it's gonna hit six degrees again.
And anything after that point is, is pro-grade.
It's going normal again, the period of time
after a retrograde.
So February 24th, when this,
when this planet goes all the way back to here,
anything from 17 degrees cancer, back up to six degrees,
Leo, where it already was
before is called post grade retrograde,
is this period when it's at Leo.
And it goes back to this. We all, we have
that always given to us.
And then pre grade is when you look at a retrograde,
you see the beginning, you see the end go to the end.
So once it hits for the first time,
it hits 17 degrees cancer.
That's pre grade. All right?
So if you're wondering where they get those calculations
or dates or anything like that, that is what it is.
That moment that it hits 17 degrees, even for this one,
that is when pre grade is going to start.
And then once it hits six degrees, Leo, it's going
to station retrograde and then go retrograde.
Cool. So those are the four stages.
And what we wanna understand,
and we're not gonna focus on pro-grade
because that's just direct,
that's just what we normally know.
We're not gonna focus on pre or post grade either.
We'll save that for something else.
We're just gonna focus on retrograde.
The planet is moving backwards as opposed to
how we perceive it, right?
So what ends up happening is, remember,
we do have pre grade, we do have
retrograde, we do have post grade.
What's happening is every retrograde in your chart,
every single one of those planets has already hit
that point before.
And that energy that your natal chart is,
is a cosmic snapshot
that is imprinted on you at that exact moment.
You were born to create your natal chart,
which means you are embodied
or imbued with all of the energy from the moment
and everything the planets were doing at that time,
which means prior to you being born this planet,
let's say it's Mars, right?
The first one that we're gonna talk
about right here is Mars.
Let's say Mars, you are born during this retrograde.
So let's say you are born with a, let's make it easy,
five degree, uh, Mars retrograde in Leo.
So you were born just after the retrograde started.
That means that Mars and the planet of action
and everything that is thematic of
that planet was moving forward before
and reached a certain point
before where it had slowed down in pre grade
and then decided to go backwards based on our orbit.
So because it had already reached that point, you are imbued
with the energies of going back.
You are imbued with the energies of having to reevaluate,
which also means you're imbed with the energies of,
I've already done this,
I've already been this, I already have this.
And that is the confusion
of retrogrades in your chart is the feeling like I already
have the ability to do, I already have the ability,
I've already done this.
So you're constantly reworking things that are already done,
which is why you are not actually taking action
because the action happened before you were born.
Does that make sense? So when you have a
retrograding, your chart
and the action's already been done for you, the universe,
everybody else that came before you is already done.
You are in a position of reevaluating.
And this is why people
who have a Mars retrograde turn their energy inward,
and they have a very difficult time asserting themselves.
They have a very difficult time taking action
starting new projects because it already was
started before they were born.
The energy of their imprint,
their natal chart happened already.
The thing already started.
But the, but the challenge is that for you, it didn't start.
You are imbued with energy post
starting, but nothing's there.
So for you, there's nothing there.
That is why I say when you were first born,
you're lacking these energies,
or you feel like you're lacking these energies,
these themes are missing in your life,
and they work erratic,
and you don't have any connection to them.
You have no idea because you
weren't there for the start of it.
And this applies for all the planets.
Take Saturn, jump the Saturn real quick.
Saturn has to do with authority and structure in your life.
And that, uh, that authority
and structure was already set before you were born.
And then once you were born with a retrograde Saturn,
that imprint is on you.
It already happened, but you didn't start it,
especially since we're talking about two cardinal planets
that rule two cardinal signs.
So you, there's an expectation of structure,
but it's not there for you.
There's no authority there for you.
Authority, you don't make, it doesn't make any sense.
But at the same time, you feel like you
already have the authority.
You feel like you've already done things,
or you should already be able to do things with Mars.
Does anybody have these?
And so who has Mars retrograde in their chart?
Nobody. I probably should have looked up some celebrities
real quick before I did this.
Mars are very rare.
Silas, um, Mars and Venus only happen every two years.
So both of those are rare retrogrades.
I don't have retrograde, my station direct. Yeah. Okay.
So, um, I get a lot of people
who we won't use a chart for this one then.
So Lisa, do you want me to use your chart as an example?
And do I have your birth time and all that? Okay.
You can jump on, you can turn your mic on if you want.
Okay. Sorry. I'm gonna,
You're sit, I'm raspy.
Uh, have we, have we done a reading before?
Yes. Okay. Is this it? No,
Right there Is this one.
Oh, I can't see
Mom astrologer. I
don't think it's that one. No, no, I know who that is. Oh,
4, 2 5 should be it.
Oh 4, 2 5. Yeah. Hmm. Okay, we'll check it out.
Uh, go.
No, that not that one.
No, that was the chart didn't come up. There we go.
Uh, all right. Is this you April 25th, 1967? Yes.
Yes. Okay, so I don't know why I have that in there.
All right. Uh, Mars.
Mars is retrograde in your second house. Awesome.
So the first thing that we have to realize is, you know,
when we're talking about these energies, we have
to remember also the rulership delegates of them,
which is basically just saying
that it's coming from a house condition somewhere else.
So Mars rules, Aries,
whatever's going on in Aries is being pulled in
and it becomes, for you, it's the eighth house.
So it becomes the ruler of all things Scorpio, right?
So all of this energy that's sitting here is going
to be encapsulated.
This is for another webinar,
but it's all gonna be encapsulated
as a house condition into mar, into Aries.
And then Mars is going to be the representative.
This is the delegates thing.
It's gonna be the representative of the entire house
of everything that's going on in the eighth house.
And for you, all of that goes into the second house
of self-worth of value, making money,
uh, your partner's money.
Um, and you know, how, how value attributes to
how you relate to other people and so on.
But for you, it's in retrograde.
So essentially all that Scorpio energy
that would be outward with all of this.
So you have all these direct planets.
We're gonna ignore Lilith right now,
but you have, uh, mercury, you have, um, actually,
I'll just ignore everyone except these two for this webinar.
We have Mercury and we have Saturn.
Both of those are direct.
And that just means that when we're talking about your chart
ruler, so yours is interesting
'cause you have retrogrades that feed into a direct planet
that feeds back into a retrograde.
So we'll have to break that down separately.
But for all intense purposes, all of this energy is going
directly into your eighth house.
Everything with, uh, Capricorn,
and that's an empty house, aside from a couple asteroids is
going directly into here.
So everything that has to do with your fifth house matters.
All that Leo structure, recreational structure, personal,
uh, authority is going into the eighth house
of diving deeper and doing things that are,
that are specifically for you.
And being able to express that into making money into value.
This is where the hangup happens.
So this is where a lot of times you can want
to relate to other people.
You can have all the desires and ambitions
and ideas of taking action on something,
but you feel like there's a missing starter.
You feel like there's something
that's stopping you from being able
to make money doing these things,
or being able to have a relationship
and, uh, bring intimacy directly into a relationship.
And what you have to do is work the energies within the
retrograde, which means you have to realize that all
that eighth house energy and Mars itself,
you taking action on things, is going to be through values
through yourself.
So when you start bringing, um,
intimacy into your own life, so you're not asking for it,
you're not asserting it.
When you're looking at, you know, building a business
or starting something that's gonna be financially lucrative,
it needs to be something that you reassess.
So for you, it's like the thing already exists,
but you have to go back and revisit it
and rework it to be able to make it happen.
Does that make sense? Yeah. Right.
And it's because the Mercury doesn't,
the, I'm sorry, not Mercury.
The, um, Mars placement in your chart is not direct.
It's actually makes it an indirect planet.
So one of the, one of the capitalizations of these things
on all retrogrades is compounding, compounding and building.
Because the natural flow of a retrograde planet is
to go inward, is to go backwards, is to revisit,
because again, you are imprinted with all the energy
of a time where Mars had already been here.
And it also means you have to do it different.
So the way that you would assert yourself,
especially when it comes to eighth house matters,
but just Mars in general, the way that you would do things,
the way that you would pull those in has
to be a reworked way.
So you can take things that exist that, that, things
that are supposed to be supposed to be,
and things that have been done a certain way
and not in a attorney
and structured way in terms of like time
and like how things have always been type of Saturn way,
but just in a time flow way, in a way
that this is usually the way forward.
But you can turn that energy inward
and there's, there's blessings and challenges in there.
A lot of times, like I said, it could be very difficult
to start or to get things done
or assert yourself in these energies.
Often you'll end up asserting yourself to yourself.
So if there's any anger with a partner,
you could blame yourself
or you could like just communicate with yourself
and it doesn't actually fix any of the issues, any
of the trauma, especially coming from your eighth house.
Instead of asserting that into something that is like skills
and talents, um, you can,
you can actually put it back into your own energy
and feel out of balance
and make yourself feel like you're not good.
Like you have all these ideas, but none of them are good.
I can't do any of these. So to be able
to align with those energies, to be able to align
with the appropriate communication within a partnership,
to be able to use like, um, you know, decorating skills
or the ability to use psychology, uh, within, you know,
for women is to be able to use it for yourself
and then share that outwardly is to be able to rework things
and have people come to you.
So retrograde energy is an attraction energy.
So you have a couple of things that are going on
because it's going back, it's already happened
and we we're reworking it, which means the,
the assertive normal way doesn't work for you anyway.
So to align with a Mars retrograde, by the way,
I think Mars retrograde is probably the most difficult one
to explain and to use,
but to be able to do it, you have to work around it in a,
and yours is in Libra,
so it's a non-confrontational energy anyway,
but it's wor it, you have to work with workarounds
and you have to bring other people in
to do the work for you.
So it's very much a delegating type of energy.
And then any energy that you work on yourself is reworking
the idea of reworking the strategy.
You just wanna be careful because retrogrades compound.
So as you rework things, you can get so hung up
on this like snow pile of reworking
and redoing that, it stops you from moving forward.
But you can see action within action.
You can do things within what you're doing.
So while you are, um, just a random example,
while you are taking the kids to the, to the store,
you also have the energy here that you can, um,
trying to use Libras energy.
Where's Venus in your chart? Venus.
Venus up in the 10th house.
So you can get things done, you can multitask,
you can actually have your kids go do something while you do
something and get two things done
because you see opportunity
for doing things within something you're already doing
with somebody else, or it could be your partner.
Does that resonate?
Yes. Have you ever done that?
I get stuck on the semis sex tiles with the first, second,
and third house, if that
Yeah. And we would, we
would have to break that down in another,
um, in another webinar.
But yes, there's, you have this conjunction here
that is semis sex tile, uh, which is interesting
because you actually have to focus on this
to resolve this issue so
that this e this energy can feed into this one Mm-Hmm.
Because this can make it very difficult
to put your energy into something that's gonna make money,
that's gonna have value, that's gonna make you feel
Shania twain's pop in my head, feel like a woman, you know,
within your relationship and feel like wanted and craved
and things of that nature, because it can make you feel like
you have to like do that on your own.
And then the way that it plays back into almost 21, 23,
yeah, so when it plays into this conjunction,
it's hitting the Neptune energy, which is
activating your Chiron as well.
So when it comes to, for you specifically,
taking action on something means reworking something that
is unique and different anyway.
So the hardest thing with these semis, sex tiles, uh,
and your Mars retrograde is when you are doing something
and you're diving deeper,
and you have the, you have the ability
to dive very deep into things like design and aesthetics
and um, and different skills that you have that are,
that you lead into something structural
with its ruler going up here.
Especially like writing, writing stories, designing things
that you, you do with your hands.
Could be sewing, could be a bunch of things,
but, um, without looking at the rest of the chart,
those are just random.
But, um, you have that ability to dive deeper into,
to rework a design on something.
But you have to align it with, you have to align it
with what's different, what's unique
and what, how do you see it?
What makes you comfortable in terms of your imagination
and your flow and like the way that you see design.
Like if you tried to, let's take fashion for example.
If you tried to do a, a shirt, right?
And you were designing a shirt, if it's,
if it's the same type of shirt that I can go get at Macy's
or on Amazon or whatever, you won't even do it.
You won't even make it
because it doesn't align with it being authentic.
It doesn't align with you being comfortable with it,
that it's, it's different
and that it's, um, potentially even convertible
with these types of energies.
Like you have a lot of energy,
like it can be two things in one.
So if you align that energy, then you can rework something,
you can rework a pattern, and I'm using sewing and,
and design just as an example.
But you could rework a pattern to use it for your own thing
where you kind of work that design from the inside out.
Any of that resonate? Yes.
Yes. So, you know, the challenge with a semis
where especially a series of them is always going
to figure out what is this energy supposed to lead into?
And that's the whole point of a semis exile, is
that the challenge is that the first planet doesn't
understand the second planet.
And they, they have, they're in a, a position where they
naturally should feed into each other on the
conjunction side of things.
They should work together, but they don't
because they're in two different areas of life
and they're coming at an angle that is not
close enough in any way to work together.
But one is supposed to feed into the other. So
I need to work backwards, right?
Yeah. All semis, sex tiles are worked back more backwards.
All all aspects are worked backwards,
but each one is a different meaning the semis sex tile
is a roadblock.
It's a feeling like it can't happen.
It's a, it's a full stop.
That's exactly how everything feels like a roadblock.
I try and I just feel like I get redirected all the time.
Yeah. Because if you're not putting it into the next
energy properly mm-hmm.
And aligning with that energy, then it will feel that way.
So I start aligning with the Neptune first.
Yes, Neptune. And,
and the fact that it's retrograde as well.
Okay. So you're this conjunction,
this is part of color theory.
These two planets always work together.
So your moon is never separate from your Neptune,
which also means as rulers, your 11th house
and your seventh house are always together,
Okay? Relationships
and friends are always together.
You know your future goals
and your partners always together.
Design and uniqueness always together.
That makes sense. And then figuring
out how they blur together.
The seventh house comes before the 11th, not just in order,
but in your rulership.
So it always spawns off of this first
and then brings this in.
Make sense?
Yes. Thank you. Cool. So
Mars retrograde, super challenging.
Um, but it's, it's the action. A lot of, uh, self action.
Another thing that's really important for people
with Mars retrograde is
because that, that exertive like I have to do type
of energy, is not being expressed outwardly.
It's always being expressed inwardly.
Sometimes these people can get very agitated
with themselves, especially if they can't do something.
And um, when it's linked in with the moon,
which this one is, they can be very angry at themselves.
And they don't know why they're angry with themselves.
With a combination like this, they just feel like it.
And, um, with Libra
and the seventh House ruler involved here,
sometimes they can be an agitation.
'cause the partner is, you're not simpatico, uh,
with the partner in terms
of just feeling like you're on the same page.
And you can, that energy can
be directed back in on yourself.
You need something that is going to allow yourself to, um,
put your energy into you.
So a lot of people
with a Mars retrograde actually end up doing like
bodybuilding or fitness
or in this case, it would be something that would be, um,
you know, writing or a career, uh, that uses your talents.
That it's all, you kind of reworking your own stuff
and kind of compiling it.
But you need an outlet that is a personal outlet
and you don't want to put it all
on yourself in a negative way.
You want it to be positive.
Any questions about Mars in retrograde
or retrogrades thus far, guys?
No.
Hi. I just came, so, um, I'm trying
to keep up and hi to everybody. I'm sorry I'm late.
Well, hello. Thank you for showing up. Uh, welcome here.
Yeah, I had to work. I had to work. I'm sorry.
Aw, we're all gonna be entrepreneurs
not have to work anymore like that. Yes,
Yes. Hopefully
one day. Yes.
So optimizing this energy, whenever you have a retrograde,
whenever you have a Mars retro retrograde.
By the way, I also wanna point out
that when you're first house ruler is retrograde,
which happens a lot.
That is a Mars retrograde.
So I know that a lot of people skip that
because most astrology, I know some of you guys are new
to Alchemistic astrology,
but the first house is at is Aries.
It is ruled by Aries. It's natural rulership.
So therefore it embodies the same type of energy.
So when you, while the actual Mars retrograde is very rare,
it happens once every two years, it's happening this year.
Venus is not. Next year it'll be Venus
and Mars won't be, you know, that that specific planet
has the same exact energy as the, well not exact energy,
but has the same embodied energy of Aries
as the first house retrograde.
And there are a lot of people
who have the first house retrograde.
Uh, Lisa does not, but a lot of people do.
If you're cancer rising
or a Leo rising, then you never have to worry about that
unless you have a Mars retrograde.
But everybody else could have that.
Um, we'll talk about retrogrades
and progress charts on a different one.
'cause I wanna make sure, or if we have time at the end,
but I wanna make sure I can get through all eight signs
or eight planets rather.
'cause two of them can't be retrograde
because, um,
let's jump into the next one.
Uh, the next one would be, let's go back to, to Mercury.
I should have started with Mercury.
So Mercury retrograde, I have a Mercury.
Anyone else have a Mercury retrograde?
I Do. A lot of people would.
Anita, is that what you Yeah. All right. A lot of people do.
This is a really common one.
Happens three times a year, uh,
for usually about three weeks at a time.
So while it's cumul, cumulatively not
that long, it's still a decent amount
of the population that has it.
So Anitas chart, where's your mercury?
Ah, in the first house. So you, you have a, a Mercury
that acts as an, as an Aries horse and Libra,
because you have that conjunction here and Scorpio.
So you have that, that mixture here.
But it all spawns off of Scorpio and kind of feeds in.
So it starts in tense
and then kind of gets into the, into the logic.
It starts, starts with the investigation.
It starts with the research, and then
eventually gets to the logic.
So it's like, I'm already diving deeper.
This can be challenging for two reasons.
Without the retrograde, it's already challenging sometimes
because again, the order matters.
So it's like, and I'm ignoring the fact
that's the first house ruler for a minute.
You're starting with something
that you're already diving deeper into.
You're starting with something that's like,
and you haven't really, you don't know why you're diving in
immediately, right?
Yeah. And, um, you know that there's something there
and there's something of value.
You've already kind of assessed that.
But it's like, I dive deeper.
And then the first thing that happens
before I even assess is there any logic here, is do I care?
Do I like it? Is there any value here?
And before you, before you care what the facts are.
And it happens very quickly
because they're so close to each other.
So it's like a string, but it always starts with
that Pluto Plutonian energy,
and then that rules your Martian energy.
So you're very quick to jump into something
and dive deep, right?
And there's a strength in that.
There's a intensity that can come with that.
Your intensity doesn't come across as intense all the time
because of Venus's influence
and the 12th House influence, right?
'cause it, it rules your 12th house.
So you have that Pisces influence as well.
And then sometimes you're like, I don't know
why I'm diving into this.
And that's kind of your challenge, right? Yep.
But the Mercury retrograde itself, yours is a,
is combined into this.
So yours is, we have to break down a little bit more.
Mine for instance, is sitting at six degrees all by herself,
you know, just floating up there.
But yours is sitting here at the tail end of a stallion.
All of that's happening in the Neptune Decken,
except the Pluto part.
So you're crossing Deens with this as well.
But your Mercury is sitting in the Neptune Decken.
So Mercury retrograde has a couple of things.
Again, we already think we know something.
We already think we've got it all figured out.
We've already criticized something
before we hear what it is that's just natural,
our natural go-to, and I'm saying our,
because I have one, our natural Go-to, uh,
with a Mercury retrograde or a third house ruler retrograde,
or a sixth house ruler, retrograde, is not to trust it,
not to believe what we're hearing,
to criticize the details and the facts.
And we don't even know what it is yet,
but we're already in that stance that whatever
that fact is, I don't believe it.
Show it to me, prove it to me, kind of energy.
And it's always like that. Prove it to me.
But we don't want you to prove it to me
because it's a retrograde, which means it's our energy.
So we take it upon ourselves to discern, to find the facts,
to pull it all together, to figure out what is true,
what's a fact and what's the,
I've criticized it enough to know it's real.
Now the other thing that happens is communications.
Sometimes that communication starts in your head,
and then some point during your either sentence or paragraph
or conversation, you start speaking.
And some people don't realize that they're doing that
with a Mercury retrograde or a third house rule
or retrograde, is
that you've thought this entire thing in your head,
you've gone over it over and over and over.
And then when you start talking to somebody, you forget that
the whole conversation you've had in your head has
not been said to them.
So it creates miscommunication with other people constantly
because they don't know where you're coming from.
And I have this problem all the time.
That's why I am always trying
to be like, does that make sense?
Does that make sense? Because I know that I do that
and I know other people with Mercury
retrogrades, and they do it.
And it's uh, and third house, ruler, retrograde.
And it's one of those things that you have to realize, yes,
you've had this conversation, but not with them.
You had the conversation retrograded with yourself.
You talk to yourself and not,
and there's a lot of people who talk to themselves,
and there's usually a, there's always a reason,
but there's usually that the third house ruler is
retrograde, or Mercury is retrograde.
Like you are your conversationalist.
And, and you, in order to figure things out, you have
to talk through it to yourself.
So that's very con Like I said, there are a couple
of other ones, um, that are like that, like the moon
and aspect to Mercury can also give a vibe that's kind
of like that, where I kind of have to talk to myself
because without communicating it out loud, I can't feel it.
I can't, like, it doesn't sink in.
So there's a, there's different ways that this can play out.
But that's a Mercury retrograde.
It also means that when it comes to value, uh, if,
well not value for me,
because it's my second house ruler for you, um,
your friendships, reworking your friendships,
sometimes you can give too many chances to your friends
that are, you're, you just keep trying them
and trying them and trying them.
You keep going back to old friendships.
They might not be good for you.
Even if you've criticized them,
you realize they're bad for you.
You're still giving them another chance
because it's your 11th house ruler,
and then it's your eighth house Chiron ruler.
And because you've merged those energies into one planet,
you're pulling your Chiron into that.
So it's like, I wanna help them.
I, you know, or I want them to hear me.
You can feel very unheard a lot with it being Chiron 11, uh,
eighth house and that ruler being pulled in.
So some people might not know that you're intelligent.
They might not see you as intelligent as,
or you will feel that they don't.
And that can be a, a wound as well,
because you're combining not only Gemini and Virgos energy,
but Chiron in Gemini in the eighth house in, um,
the 11th house, which is all about the, um, the genius.
It's the mechanic. So you're one of those people that like,
you really need to figure it out.
And if you can't figure it out, that's a weakness.
You feel like there's something wrong with you.
You feel like you're dumb sometimes, and then you're not.
Like we can't figure everything in the world out.
But you can feel that way.
So the question then becomes with a Mercury retrograde is
how many times are you gonna think this thing through
before you make a decision on something?
Because that's the other challenge with a third house ruler,
sometimes sixth, but a Mercury retrograde as well, is
that you think it and you rethink it and you think it over.
And there's, and there's the blessing in there.
The blessing is you didn't just impulsively
think it once and take action.
You saw something because Mercury rules the sixth house
and Virgos Energy natally,
you critiqued it and you said, you know what?
I'm glad I didn't do that. Everybody else did it.
I'm glad I didn't do it.
But even sometimes
after you're like, I'm glad I didn't do it,
depending on how it sits.
And I can tell in my chart that it sits this way.
I can tell in your chart, Anita, that it sits this way
because it's conjunct Venus, that you have
to go look at the other side of the equation anyway.
I already know it's bad. I already
know I don't want this decision.
But there's a second option over here.
And you go research it.
Even if you already know both options are bad.
And then sometimes you'll want another option.
Give me another choice.
I don't like any of these choices, right?
Mercury, Gemini, rules, choices, rules, options, right?
That's the, that's the multifacet of it.
So you're like, cool.
And with you Scorpio's energy, Aries,
it's like I impulsively want something else
to dive deeper into.
Give me another one, gimme another one,
feed it to me, feed it to me.
And then you're just reworking.
And then that's the rabbit hole for you. The rabbit holes.
I can't make a freaking decision
because I feel like there's something out there.
I know there's something out there.
I know there's an answer, but I haven't seen it yet.
So the question then becomes,
when are you gonna allow yourself
to take action on something and let,
and let yourself figure out what you need
to figure out later, right?
So that's the thing with retrograde is they compound.
And on the live, I was just on,
someone mentioned the hurricanes
and I did a hurricane prediction
for Hurricane Ian in Florida and it was spot on,
but everyone gave me such hate for it
because I guess I wasn't compassionate enough in it.
I basically just said, look, I'm living in Tampa,
I'm standing in Tampa with my phone like this.
Like you can see that the stuff that's on the news is a lie.
'cause that was one of the things I was trying
to prove is they're lying to you.
Um, and while we were in Tampa, like every other week
or so, either Ashley's father
or my mother would send us a text like, are you okay?
Have you stocked up on water? Are you okay?
And I'm like, what are you talking about?
And I'd have to go outside and be like, take a picture.
Blue skies. Like, you know,
and we know we live in that society
that the news is just there to rile you up and,
and lower your re your vibration, right?
But, um, that hurricane prediction,
I talked about a couple of things.
One of them I said is the plan.
One of those planets was in retrograde.
I wanna say it was Jupiter,
but I, I, I don't remember anymore.
It's been a couple years. But one
of those planets was in retrograde
and it was impacting another one.
And the way that that impacts is compounding,
and that's the thing with any retrograde, is it compounds.
It brings it to you
because it already exists, then you existed.
And you feel like I have to keep pulling it on.
So whenever we're talking about any of these, you also
with Mars and retrograde feel like you have
to take action on things that have nothing to do with you.
With Mercury
and retrograde, you feel like you have
to go think about things that are completely irrelevant
to you because you're taking that on.
And we have to learn when it's not our responsibility.
I know that's a urian word,
but it's not on us to think about that for you
and then explain it for you.
We feel like we have to overexplain
everything for other people.
And that becomes a problem.
We're good at it, but it's not ours to do
unless we're asked.
And sometimes we're not asked.
We just do, I do it all the time.
Ashley will say something
and I will automatically break it down
and start fixing it for her.
She's like, I didn't ask for you to fix it.
I just asked why the door didn't open.
Oh, well, right? Something simple.
Um, but that's, that's that energy.
The blessing again is that you are able to work inward.
You're able to, to see the logic. Within the logic.
You're able to see the details that other people miss.
So there is a blessing.
So when you have these retrogrades in here,
I know I'm focusing kind of on the negative side of it,
and I don't want you to think that retrogrades are negative.
They absolutely aren't. But I want you
to understand why they're not direct
and how they're different from being direct
and what that can mean negatively.
Because if we understand how it can be bad
or potentially negative or overwhelming,
'cause that's what happens with retrogrades is it gives you
that inverse Jupiter vibe is
how do we learn how to stop?
How do we learn how to say we are going and,
and recognize this pattern?
It's just like somebody who has Jupiter in the wrong
position and they overdo it, overdo it, overdo it.
When do they learn how to stop so
that Jupiter becomes positive?
Right? Too much of a good thing,
even on a good thing is a bad thing.
So it's the same thing inversely with retrogrades.
You also have to start figuring out the other thing
that's really important is because you didn't have it and
because it was existing in this degree already
before you were born and you're coming in
and you don't have access to this,
you have no idea what's going on in this area
of life when you were born.
It also means you have to figure
out what this means for you.
What is perception for you?
What is logic for you?
Because your logic will never
match common sense.
And you will think everything
that you think is common sense,
but nobody's thinking like you because you have a mercury
or a third house retrograde.
And they don't. And retrogrades, until we get
to the latter, planets are less common
than direct planets.
At least the forward motion of it,
because you have pro-grade, pre grade,
and post grade that are all still moving forward.
You only have retrograde that goes backwards.
So you have to realize that in those areas you have
to develop logic.
You can be highly intelligent,
but your int intelligence doesn't match anyone else's.
So with the, with mercury, no one's gonna understand you.
They don't know what you're saying.
It doesn't make any sense. But it also means
that you have an ability to rework things in a way
that no one else has thought of.
And that can make you a revolutionary person.
It can make you a pioneer. It can make you solve problems
that other people can't solve.
That's the blessing, right?
And every planet is pro and con positive, negative.
I want to balance out the good
and I want to make sure the, that the bad is
subdued, right?
As much as we can. Tanya says this, it makes
so much sense now that I know my third
house rule is retrograde.
There you go. And then for the people
who it's a house ruler, now we have to combine it
with a another planet, right?
So if it's like, you know, Capricorn in your third house
and Saturn's retrograde,
now we've got two things to look at.
We have communication that's retrograde,
and we have Saturn that's retrograde.
So when it's the planet, we're only talking about one thing.
And then the ruler of the house,
when it's a house ruler that's retrograde.
Now we're going back to that house.
And so it's, it depends on what we're,
what we're looking at it or how we're looking at it.
This is so great. That was the best nugget ever.
I don't know which part that was, but
I'm glad you got something out of it.
I'm just talking at this point.
Your rulers in the same house. Yeah.
So that means that, here, let's pull up, thank you Anita
for letting me use yours.
And Lisa, before Tanya, you mind if I pull up your chart?
Just make sure, I wanna make sure everybody's comfortable.
Okay. Um, that if I pull up your chart,
'cause other people are gonna see it
'cause it's, there's gonna be replays.
So I wanna make sure you guys are all comfortable with this.
Okay? So, okay, so hers is Pluto, right?
And it's out of orb with the moon, which
when you are learning, learning astrology, a lot
of astrologers will say, this is conjunct.
It's not, neither one of those has a orb
of influence large enough to affect the other one.
So those two are not conjunct.
And if you learn them as conjunct,
that's challenging when it's really not conjunct.
This is why I harp so much on accuracy
and learning the details and whatnot, because a conjunction
and a separated within the same
energy does not work the same.
But anyway, that aside, so she has her third house, ruler,
retrograde back in the third house.
And this'll be, there's gonna be probably an entire webinar
that I'm gonna have to do just
to help you guys understand a planet
whose rulers back in the same,
or a a, a house whose rulers in the same house as the sign.
Because that could be challenging.
This is where order matters, you know, in order to read it,
you do have to read it by order into out houses come first
and then they go outward into the planets.
So it really is house, sign, planet if we get down to it.
So for her, kind of a similar thing as Anita,
we've got this, this depth, um, this desire
to dive deeper into things
and see the logic in the depth, see the communication
through the, what you're not saying,
and then turn that into something.
Oops, turn that into something that you are saying.
So for Tanya, she's looking for,
and the moon, I'm gonna ignore the moon for a second.
It, it's important, but I'm gonna ignore it for a second.
So there's an intensity
and a depth of what she's looking for or logic.
So anytime she would see or hear something
or has a perception of something,
she's gonna be like, what did I miss?
There's gonna be a lot of like, what was the secret?
What was the thing that I'm not seeing?
That is the missing puzzle piece, the missing component.
And then she's going to use that to try to figure out within
the logic of her own perception.
So she might do this on memories,
she might have something happen.
Um, she might have something happen
and then try to reassess her memory of it over
and over, over to find the thing that she can't remember.
And sometimes we simply can't remember.
But sometimes she'll be able to find it
and be like, no, that wasn't it.
That wasn't it. She'll talk it out
because it goes back in the third house
and then she'll remember something.
Or she'll make an assessment of something that
wasn't there based off of something somebody else did
or something that she didn't actually
perceive herself, but was there.
Does that make sense, Tanya?
Yes. 100. So understanding that,
that the third house going retrograde like that in Pluto,
you know, Pluto is intensity, but it's that depth.
So retrogrades already have a depth through compounding.
I do it, I do it again, I do it again and I do it inward.
Sometimes I go within, it's usually a within thing,
but then you add Pluto to it.
Now I'm going within and down.
So that kind of thing, like going down rabbit holes,
especially off of her intuition
or uh, anything that's unique or different.
Anything that's like technologically there, uh,
lurking secretively, just to kind of pay attention to
what other people in society are doing
before I decide to expose them for it.
It could be a fun thing, but that kind of energy is there.
Um, Sharon s how far do you go back for pre grade?
So again, when you're pulling up these, um,
hence going down the rabbit hole of astrology.
Yeah. And as long as you are able to find the logic in it,
I'll come back to you Sharon in a second.
As long as you're able to find the logic
and what's personal for you, you'll have
to connect to it personally.
'cause it actually starts with your moon.
So the science and you gravitate gravitating to the science
and the mechanics of how it works will lead you to the logic
and being able to get into like the more oc culty side
of it, getting more into like the psychological side of it.
So once you feel comfortable with the mechanics,
you can then dive deeper into, um, what's not there.
It also gives you a benefit of saying, Hmm,
I wonder if, because it works like this,
if it could work like this, if this were a thing.
And it, it can come up as something that's like
an unknown variable, not like in a Neptune way,
but just a, like you're looking for the secret,
like the secret to kinda link it back together
to make it logical, to link one step
to the next step, to the next step.
So that would be another component.
So for you, it's in, it's important that you personally,
on a personal level can connect to how something works
before you take it as a truth.
So back to Sharon's question for retrogrades.
Again, these are, I said this at the beginning,
I'll just say it one more time real quick.
For pre grade is going to be the end of retrograde.
So this degree for Saturn retrograde.
When Saturn, when Saturn hit 12 degrees, 41 arc minutes
of thes of Pisces, that was the beginning of pre grade
and then eventually it made its way
to 19 degrees in pre grade and then it became retrograde
and then it's gonna go retrograde all the way back to here.
And then from here, back to here, it's gonna be post grade.
And then from here forward
after it's done, all that is pro grade, direct,
just moving on its own, doing its thing.
So you would want to, you want to know this so
that you can determine which is um, which is which stage.
Cool. So we have that.
Um, I think I've said pretty much all I need
to say about mercury communication, signing documents, um,
you know, go over the document.
One, one thing with Mercury retrograde
as a natal energy is do not assume you know what's in a
document, because that could be a challenge,
is I think I already know everything we've talked about.
I think I already know everything.
That's the thing with a Mercury
retrograde is you're not reading it.
The words are coming to you, the communication's coming
to you, but you can just
sign stuff without actually reading the fine print.
You have to be challenge, you know, careful of that.
And also you have a gift of reworking
and rewording things with a mercury retrograde
or a third house retrograde when it comes to documents
and making sure that those words are in your favor.
Okay? So we have that. The next one would be Venus.
Does anybody have a Venus
retrograde in their chart that wants to share?
Venus is a fun one.
I think that's the second most challenging one.
If not, no biggie. We will just talk about it.
Venus is another rare one.
However, I'm gonna go to me,
doesn't look like it, not on this call anyway.
It's not common. But guess what?
Second house is naturally Taurus.
It's ruler in my chart, retrograde seventh house,
Libra Rule by Venus.
It's ruler retrograde.
So for me, as Venus pertains to money,
and as Venus pertains to relationships,
I have both retrograde.
So when I talk about I was born in the ghetto
and money was difficult for me and life was challenging
and relationships were tough.
It's not just this,
but this was a contributing factor to it.
And again, I didn't understand money or value or self-worth
or anything like that growing up
because again, my second house ruler,
and it would be the same for Venus, uh, Venus retrograde is,
is like having the seventh house
and the second house retrograde.
So whenever you're talking about Mercury,
we talked about Virgo and we talked about, um, Gemini.
So having the sixth house
and the third house retrograde, that's
what having a Mercury retrograde is.
It's having both of those.
Venus is having both the second house
and the seventh house retrograde.
So when it comes to relationships,
you can assume you have a relationship with somebody.
Even if you haven't even talked about it.
You're just like, oh yeah, we're dating.
And the other person's like I I I guess we
are, I guess we're dating now.
They said we're dating. Or they could be.
They, it could be one of those situations where um,
you think you're in a relationship with somebody, everything
to you makes sense
and um, the other person does not think
that you're in a relationship
because you have not had that conversation,
which is the Libra side of Venus.
We always talk about Mercury as the communication,
but the actual listening
and responding part of it, the two-way street
of a communication of a conversation is Libra.
That's why Libra rules books,
Libra rules a lot of things that no one talks about,
but it's important to know that.
So when Venus is there, having money
or understanding wealth worth
and value can be very challenging for these people.
And in order to gain it, they have to go in
and they have to go figure it out.
Remember what I said is you have to figure out
what these things are for you
because you are imprinted with an energy that says,
I'm supposed to be going backwards
and refiguring out something that was like, if you think
of a na, if you think of a retrograde as a transit,
we're talking about Saturn retrograde, right?
Saturn retrograde as a transit, not in your natal chart,
but remember your transits become your natal chart.
So Saturn's going retrograde.
When Saturn is going regular, it's like, okay, authority,
career, long-term things, time, whatever.
And then when it goes retrograde gotta rework, restructure,
re-strategize, rethink about our goals.
Re re rere go inward. Go. That's now imprinted on you.
So your whole life is about refiguring out with Venus.
What is, what is worth, what is worthy? What are my talents?
'cause you can be naturally good at things
and not know that you're good at 'em.
'cause you haven't figured that out yet.
That's where the second house retrograde it,
it doesn't mean you're lacking talent,
it means your connection to it is lacking.
Same thing with relationships.
I don't feel like I can communicate with people.
I just assume that I, when I talk to you
that we have a relationship,
like we have a good relationship.
Venus retrograde people can do that.
They just assume that everybody is,
they could have a relationship with anybody.
And that's a challenge with venous retrograde is you,
you're not discerning of who to be in a relationship with
because you just assume everybody, anybody.
And you're supposed to rework what is, what is value to you?
What is a relationship to you?
How do you communicate with people on your own terms?
Yeah, same thing when the seventh house is retrograde.
So seventh house being all the outward Venus stuff, right?
So I've talked about Venus being Taurus
and Libra Taurus is the inward personal me
version of value.
Libra is the you outward version of value.
So when we have a conversation, we only have a conversation.
If I think you're valuable, it's not my value, it's whether
or not you are valuable to me.
Otherwise, I'm not talking
to you third house trines into the seventh
unless there's something happening
where I have to talk to you.
And then if I have to talk to you,
I'm gonna find something I'm that of, of whatever you have
that is gonna be valuable to me.
It's very rare that you put it on the other person.
You're like, tell me something that, anything that you want
to talk about that I don't know anything
about, that never happens.
Yeah. Seventh House, ruler, same thing.
The seventh house ruler being retrograde is like the Libra
side of Venus being retrograde.
The outward value, the inward value,
my money, my value, my self worth,
my talents, right?
Venus in Libra as a ruler
of Libra being outward energy is your design.
It's how you design things, it's your fashion.
'cause people see fashion, they see your designs, your skill
that you have is Taurus.
I draw, I sing, I whatever.
And if that doesn't sit in some public
way, it's just for me.
So yeah, this applies for second and seventh House.
But Venus, like I said, is like having
both of them retrograde.
These are the type of people that will revisit relationships
even after the relationship has ended constantly.
This was a bad relationship. It was toxic. I ended it.
Two months later, I'm talking to them again.
I wanna give it another go. I've got married
to the look at me.
I got married, I got with this girl. She cheated on me.
I watched her cheat on me, like I walked into the bar
and saw it, kept it to myself.
Broke up with her, got back with her the same day,
went through the whole thing, broke up again, got back
with her, got married, split for nine months,
and then invited her back in my home.
We got back together again. We had a
very terrible altercation.
That should have been it.
But after all of that, I got back with her again.
And that's what happens. Same day is wild.
Yeah, I'm stupid. It's dumb, but it's
because I don't know how to value a relationship.
It's not just that. It's not just the
retrograde, here's my chart.
You see all that Libra stuff going on, right?
You see the, the, this seventh house and the north node.
You see that it goes into this, right?
And then how it, it's in oppositions.
So absolutely no boundaries.
Yes, I'm very vocal these days that I've been terrible
with boundaries and I've been walked on, cheated on,
victimized in every way.
Not that I think I'm a victim. I absolutely don't.
But I, you know, things, bad things happen to me.
I help people. They betray me. Happens all the time.
'cause I don't have those boundaries
because I don't know what it means to value myself
or them value me.
That's my, that is my, while I don't have Venus retrograde,
I do have Venus with Chiron.
So, and, and Venus is the ruler of my Chiron.
So when it comes to value worth artistic endeavors, look,
I'm teaching you guys astrology.
I love teaching you guys astrology.
I love helping, I love doing all this stuff.
But honestly, I'm an artist at heart. I like to make movies.
I like to make comic books. I like to play video games.
I've seen in Mystic Circle,
you guys are talking about video games.
Anita, I see you, Sharon,
I think you were also there in there.
I love video games.
You're, you're fitting in real good right here.
I push, you should be doing that.
If it's something that could be lucrative, you're happy.
Whatever creative endeavors should be pushed.
It's literally our second house.
If you have a creative endeavor,
it should be put into whatever you're doing.
Does it have to be the only thing? No.
It probably shouldn't be the only thing,
but you should be using it.
But I always think I'm not good enough
and I'm not the only one.
It's a lot of that going around.
So Venus is one of those things too.
It's like Venus in retrograde.
It's like I, you could be as talented as hell,
but you haven't figured out how
to use your talent in your own way.
And that can be very challenging. Second House, same thing.
I can draw, I'm a great artist,
but I haven't, up until recently, I hadn't figured out how
to use that in my own way.
I finally figured it out at least partially.
But it took, I'm 42 years old now.
Took me a long time to figure this out.
I don't want people to figure out 40 years later or 30
or whatever age, you wanna take it from the vantage of,
I don't want you to, to wait that long to figure this out.
I want you to figure it out now so
that in 40, 30, 40 years from now,
you're just like living on a yacht or something.
I don't know. Whatever you're doing,
whatever your goal is, just happy.
Whatever your form of happiness, I want that for you.
But that's, that's a seventh house, second house,
Venus, retrograde will do that.
And you have to figure out what value is for you.
What does money mean for you?
What is your relationship with money?
You're, you're not gonna start with it.
You're not gonna start with, oh, I value money.
It won't happen. It doesn't matter if you came from a
rich family or a poor family.
You won't value money with a Venus retrograde,
not at the start or a second house retrograde.
You just won't do it. And you'll have issues
with what does money mean to me?
What are resources? How do I use resources?
Food will be challenging for you.
You'll eat all the wrong things.
Everyone else is telling you to eat like this.
Your diet has to be different.
Your diet has to be your diet.
This is why you can't just jump on a diet fad.
You can't just go to some nutritionist.
You can't just go to some fitness influencer,
especially if you have your second house
or your Venus in retrograde.
So when you're looking, like,
if you guys are looking at people's charts, keep note
of these things because these never work normal.
And like I said, a retrograde doesn't mean
that you're not talented with Venus.
It actually means you probably are very talented,
but you don't know what your talents are
or how to use your talents.
'cause a retrograde means you already had it.
Now you're figuring it out, you're reworking it.
So if it's an artist
and somebody else is a painter,
you're not gonna paint like them
and you probably won't, depending on what's involved.
You might not even use the same medium to paint.
'cause you might realize it's sitting in Gemini that
I don't, there's no PIs and energy.
I don't like this thing. I'm very like this.
You might chisel something that is your form of painting
and then you might take spray paint to it
because you have to figure out what it is for you.
This stuff is impacted by relocated chart. Yes. Yeah.
So the, that's the thing is when you do astrocartography,
like I said, it's not as simple.
I say this all the time, it's not as simple as I just move
to a line and yay, it's good for me.
I moved to Los Angeles, became homeless.
But I've also built an several empires here.
You know, there's positives and negatives,
but when you relocate for me, um,
coming here puts my third house, uh, retrograde
and it puts my, uh, what's the other one?
My 12th house retrograde.
So I found spirituality here.
I didn't find spirituality on the east coast.
I didn't find it when I made mystic rebels.
I found it here before we went to Calif to Florida.
And that was transits.
I'm sure if we went back to 2016, we could see it. Okay.
So we did Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter.
Anyone else have Jupiter in the chart
or do you just want me to keep using mine?
'cause all the other planets I have. You have it.
Jen, you want me to use yours? Have we done a reading?
I can't tell from just the three letters.
I have a lot of gens. Which,
uh, which gen is it?
Ah,
it's a lot easier in circle.
'cause your whole name is showing. Okay, so we have Jupiter.
Your Jupiter's not retrograde. Yours is direct.
And that's also your ninth house ruler.
So you have it there. Sorry. That's all right.
Um, I will, I'll come back.
Jump back to Tanya's.
I only have one Tanya in here.
Okay, so Jupiter, yours isn't retrograde either.
Y'all lying to me. Y'all crazy.
I'm gonna use mine. We'll come back to it on Saturn.
All right. I have Jupiter retrograde. Me.
Okay, so couple things that have happened, uh,
in my life that we'll talk about.
But look, Jupiter is retrograde in my chart.
It's sitting at zero degrees.
There's a lot of things that you would, uh,
you think Anita's is, Anita's is yours, is it?
I can come to yours? Yeah. For like, to clarify things.
What's that? Yes, my, okay.
I have, I'll talk about me as a Leo rising.
Uh, I'll talk about you. I'll, I'll jump
to your chart also to clarify.
Um, because there'll be different circumstances,
different situations, right?
So Jupiter retrograde sitting at zero degrees.
We know a couple of things. One,
that's the fusion cusp area, right?
So from 28.5 degrees of a sign to 1.5 degrees
of a sign is a fusion cusp area.
Which means this planet is not operating only within
Scorpio's energy, it's also operating within, uh,
Libras energy from Scorpio's house,
from the cancer house, okay?
Uh, but it is retrograde
and it's, its ruler is also retrograde.
So I'm gonna kind of chisel out
what this means without its rulership
and following it forward.
By the way, this is something called Vantage, uh,
in alchemistic astrology.
And I will be teaching this,
I'll be talking about in my book,
and I'll be doing a course on it.
Um, it's not one of the first courses,
but I'm gonna get to it 'cause
I'm gonna be banging out these courses.
So you guys can learn all this stuff.
But vantage is extremely important.
If you're doing anything like, um, God, what's it called?
Derivative astrology. If you're doing, uh,
derivative astrology and you are trying to understand why,
you know, the, the seventh house rulers in the fifth house,
but I'm looking at the first child
and why is my first child in my marriage differently?
It's because of vantage.
You know, it's the flow of energy
as it pertains to what we're looking at.
So I'll be teaching that later.
But anyway, Jupiter retrograde Jupiter is expansion
and abundance and philosophy and culture, right?
It's all these things. Guess what?
I don't have and didn't have growing
up any of those things.
No abundance, not a big family.
And this was, by the way, I,
I'm using my chart specifically for Jupiter.
I'm glad we landed on me, and then we'll go to Anita.
I, I see you. Um, but when you are looking at definitions
and why, I keep saying stop looking at definitions.
Jupiter in the fourth house, Jupiter in, uh, in Scorpio,
Jupiter in, uh, whatever, just Jupiter in general
within Cancerian energy always says, you had a big house,
you had a big family, blah, blah, blah.
I didn't know that I had a family.
I did have a large family.
I never knew them until I was 37 years old
when I used astrology to go find them.
And, um, when I grew up, it was just
my, my mother was never there.
So I did not have a good relationship with her.
She was literally a drug addict prostitute.
And that's where she was all the time.
Sometimes she brought that home,
which is right here as well.
And Jupiter conjunct the IC and Jupiter as terms of culture.
I have a million stories about culture
and none of them come from me or my family.
I, you can see me, you see what I look like, right?
I'm adopted. I don't even know what culture I am,
like white Caucasian, sure, but is it German or Irish
or English or whatever?
I don't know. I have no idea.
And I'm not gonna go to 23 and me,
because I think that's a psyop.
So is what it is, right?
And, uh, speaking of conspiracy theories and rabbit holes,
but anyway, um, so Jupiter is all of these things.
But I'll tell you, what I did get is all of my friends
that I've had growing up through all of my recreation
and activities and martial arts
and all of that from my childhood, I went with their family,
the ruler right there, boom.
With their family and their family and their culture.
All of my friends were ethnic. Every single one.
My next door neighbor was Greek. Like hardcore Greek.
My best friend is Italian, other ones are African American.
My ones from uh, martial arts were Filipino,
just goes on and on and on.
And then my other best friend at the time was Iranian.
So I've had nothing but cultural friends. I love culture.
It's my root. But I didn't have any, I love all culture.
When I got into martial arts,
I learned Korean culture because I cared.
So, um, but that's the retrograde. And I dove deep into it.
And I took all of their, their culture to me
and said, w why are you doing that?
When, when they would cook food,
why are you wrapping the thing with, with saran wrap?
Oh, so the rice doesn't stick. That's genius.
I'm gonna start doing that.
And then it, it's always been that way.
And, um, there's different things that I've done.
My best friend, uh, one of my best friends,
the one is Italian, the other one is white,
but his entire family is Pakistani and Muslim.
And that was like, what was imprinted on me was that,
and, uh, my relationship was not with the white mom,
but the Pakistani dad.
Tarek was my, was my man. He was my boy.
And like a stepdad to me, even gave me money
to go buy a car for the down payment.
Like that's how close deep bonds other people's parents
and family were father,
especially not mother fathers.
But I never knew my father.
So when it comes to growing up
and understanding Jupiter, Jupiter,
you don't understand abundance.
You don't understand philosophy.
There is culture doesn't exist
or your relationship to culture isn't there.
There could be somebody who, whose family is cultured,
could be Anita's family, right?
There's culture there.
But if she has Jupiter retrograde like I did,
she wouldn't attach to any of that culture.
If you have your ninth house retrograde,
the ninth house ruler in retrograde, right?
And there she is. So let's go over to Anita's real quick
'cause she just gave me the thumbs up.
No, that's like spot on, Right?
Yep. And over here, she's also, you know,
growing up there would be a discomfort with it.
So it's not just, I don't really align with or associate
or I don't know what this culture thing is,
but there's also, especially when it comes
to her physical body, what she looks like.
And then, um, you know, the things that she's supposed
to do on a daily basis
and the criticisms that can come with
that from others usually.
'cause that Jupiter's in retrograde is gonna
come from others to you.
And then it's also gonna be self-criticism on top of it.
And then you have your north node, which is,
I'm not comfortable with this.
So that's, that's one of her things is one of her.
We say lessons, but just one of her energies to align
with is, I prefer that.
I don't like the word lessons like that.
I don't think that we're here to learn lessons and,
and you know, what do they call it?
Like smash out karma or whatever.
I don't think that that's it. And you can believe that.
I'm not telling you, you can't believe that.
I don't believe that. I believe we're here
to understand ourselves.
And I think that that just feels right to me.
And it might feel less right to you,
but, uh, whatever works, works.
But for me, it's more about finding alignment.
One of the things that she needs to be comfortable with and
and spiritually evolve and grow is culture.
And, you know, being the teacher
and understanding what it means to teach other people,
it doesn't mean I just need to go start a consultancy
or I need to go tell a story.
But you are a storyteller.
This is why gaming is so important.
There's a, there's an aspect of that
that you can dive deeper into the story, the mythology,
the all of that, that becomes a part of you.
And even the culture and the culture of what you're doing.
Not necessarily personal culture, but your daily culture.
And you, once you find something that you enjoy
because it's in it's Mars, it's Aries energy,
then you dive deep and deep and deep into that.
And you find, you find abundance in
that and you can overdo it.
Imagine when you were doing gaming
that there was always another level.
There was always another thing, another thing
to find another quest, another whatever,
because it's compounding and it's the north node.
'cause it's pulling you in that direction anyway.
There's always the future. There's always something there.
Always something. What's next? What's next?
That's the north node as it pertains.
And for you, the north node comes first.
So you're, it's like, oh, I can do this. I wanna do this.
And it probably started off with the line,
oh, I'll just do this real quick.
Yeah, I'm not gonna be on here for four hours
or 12 hours or whatever, 24.
I'm just gonna dive in. I can do this real quick.
I'll just knock out this level and be done.
And then you get immersed and that's this.
And then for you, you're pulling off of the second house.
Especially as you start realizing, I'm good at this.
There's value here, especially in the game.
If you're supposed to get like points or coins
or, you know, uh, resources
or something, something that you're supposed to collect,
then you're like, no, I gotta get another one.
I get another one. Does it make sense? Does that track?
Uh, and then for you, your fourth house ruler being part of
that, you know, has to do with like, you know,
valuing family, valuing the mother, um,
committing to those things.
And, um, committing most important to
what you feel emotionally secure in.
And you feel emotionally secure
and being a little bit of the oddball.
So when you allow yourself to do that, it's good for you.
It gives you that feeling
of I'm in alignment with something.
But when you don't align with that
and you try to conform out it, it messes it all up.
The other thing you're really good at is finding things.
So like, let's, I, I am just using the video game
as an example thing, but while you're there, you're like,
everybody would do this, this, this, and this.
In this order, I'm going to do it, this, this, and this.
And I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep going into something
because I feel like they've missed something.
Or I feel like there's something here. Y'all don't see this.
This is, this is what you should be doing kind of energy.
And it's because Jupiter, which has to do with abundance
and uh, we say luck, but I don't really like that word.
I use it sometimes so you'll hear it slip out.
But I don't love that word because the
cultural reference behind it.
But when it comes to, um, abundance in the numbers game
and expansion and doing more in the higher philosophy,
you see opportunity, which is also Jupiter within something
that other people don't see.
And that's what makes people with a ninth house
retrograde also.
Um, you can learn things you, you've already learned
because you're looking for something you've missed.
Like you feel like there's something more to learn
no matter how much you have.
You could have the whole dictionary
and you're like, it probably left out some words.
Then you go to Urban Dictionary and then you go to whatever
and you start learning all those words.
And for you, it's not necessarily words. Where's your Mars?
It's in the 12th house. So it's a lot of like, things
that are spiritual or creative or whatever.
There's always something else
that you feel like you could do
or you could learn that you could you,
I learned this now I learned this, now I learned this.
Now I learned this. The question is, can you use it?
Can you do anything with any of it?
Or are you doing anything with any of it?
'cause that'll be the next challenge for you
with it going into the 12th house.
But aligning with things like video games and media
and, you know, stuff behind the scenes in a positive way.
Not, not in a bad way, not in a, I'm not being seen type
of way, but this is where I live type of way.
You know? Um, I'll tell you, when I, you,
you have the son in the 12th house, this is not, you know,
attributing to retrogrades.
But when I moved from Baltimore to, uh, Los Angeles,
when I came here, uh,
it was a weird shift when my son went from
the 11th house to the 12th house.
'cause I was always in front of everybody.
It was in everybody's, you know, face.
I was super, like I talk to everybody,
social butterfly, you know, whatever.
Always seen. I mean, I walk in the room, everyone notices me
and I come here, I walk in the room
and nobody notices me until they notice me.
It's a weird how the relocated shifts on
top of the natal chart.
It's really weird. And it took
me a while to figure that out.
And I didn't know astrology back then.
So what ended up happening is I was like,
I'm coming here to be an actor.
I'm gonna be the white Jackie Chan.
I'm gonna do nothing but martial arts stuff.
Like I, I've done martial arts most of my life
and I ended up doing fight choreography.
Guess what? That's behind the scenes.
I ended up doing directing and producing and screenwriting.
And it's all behind the scenes.
What I almost never did,
unless I put myself on my own project
for like a cameo, was act.
Even though I went to school in Virginia for acting,
by the time I got to Los Angeles,
I didn't know anything about relocated energy.
You know? And some of the underlying
stuff still stays there.
And that's why I did end up in front of camera
because I was not camera shy,
but that was not my energy here.
So, um,
but anyway, in terms of the retrograde, um, yeah,
it's finding opportunity
and it's reworking What does culture mean for you?
Right? And that's something that you have to, you have
to learn for yourself.
The, the details, right?
Say your sixth house, the details as it pertains to
how it flows into the 12th house.
Like how much of it matters.
But more importantly,
what's the spiritual side of the culture?
And most importantly, how do you fuse your cultures together
into you and your identity?
And that's your biggest thing that you have
to figure out for yourself.
Because your mix or your what, it doesn't matter.
If somebody else has something similar, what is it for you?
And what does culture mean for you?
And how much does it matter?
Not much. But it could.
But it could is the thing on a spiritual level
and on a, on a not upfront level, it's very
behind the scenes energy for you.
But there should be an element of stepping into some of it
to embrace some of it on your terms.
'cause all of that was predetermined before you
and now you're supposed to rework it.
So that's you.
I can't tell you that
accepting and embracing it.
Huge one, but not as an identity.
'cause that's, it shows that that's,
it's not meant to be your identity.
It's supposed to be part of your identity.
Put on a behind the scenes.
Like, this isn't me, this is just a part of me.
Does that make sense?
Yep. Yep.
There's the, there's the, I gotta be comfortable
with it type of vibe.
But you want to, you know, it's all goes back into the same
house with your south node.
So there's, there's a part of it that needs
to be embraced anyway 'cause there's a strength in there.
But, uh, again, on your terms, does that make sense?
We're good on Jupiter.
Any questions about Jupiter
before I move on
to the last couple planets?
Carly wants me to use Uranus retrograde. We're not there.
Uh, Silas, I know
that this is going back, but Mercury retro.
Yeah, it's going back to the beginning, man.
Mercury retrograde would mean
that you don't have siblings in the beginning.
That you know of like half siblings oldest. Yes. Yes.
And actually in my chart, uh, I have that Mercury retrograde
and apparently I have an older half sister that was given up
for adoption apparently,
but I have no idea who she is.
And I don't know that I'll ever meet her
because I have a Mercury retrograde.
And it's not that I couldn't meet her, I could
absolutely go probably try and find it,
but I don't have an in initial connection.
And even if you do have, like, let's say there isn't a lack
of a sibling, you might not have a
connection with that sibling.
So they might be living in the same house
and you just have no connection.
Either there's an, it depends on what the chart says, right?
But it could be an age gap.
It could be that you didn't really have a connection
with them because maybe, um, maybe it was like part
of a divorce and they only live with you part of the time.
It could have been that, um,
it could have been a very personal thing
where your family like warped this older sibling
and you always felt like the outcast.
So therefore you never really had a bond with
that child, with that other sibling.
So it, it'll show that in your chart what situation it is.
And there are millions of combinations.
But yeah, a hundred percent Can Jupiter retrograde cause the
learning style to be very different than the norm?
So that's more of a, a third house retrograde
and a mercury retrograde.
Is that the way you learn is gonna be different?
Uh, I didn't talk about that part about Mercury retrograde,
but you can because you don't think linearly,
you think this way.
So you see things out of order,
you think things out of order.
That's another thing with all
of these is your opportunities come out of order.
They don't come in a linear
fashion like they're supposed to.
Like I get a job
or I I I, a good in your sixth house is I do an interview,
I do a second interview, I get a job offer, I take the job.
That's not how it would work for you for opportunity.
It would be like someone said I should work here
and then I met somebody and then I didn't hear anything
and then I got a phone call like, and then I'm working here.
And that's like how it works.
It's a very non-linear process for all of these planets.
Even Mars retrograde back to the beginning, right?
Is the way you do things is gonna be non-linear.
I'm not gonna take action.
I'm just gonna kind of be doing something
and then I'm gonna go revisit why I'm doing it
and then how I'm doing it.
It's less impulsive usually,
unless it's directed inward than it's very impulsive.
Uh, yes, that's exactly how it changed jobs and moving.
Yeah. And that, that is how it is.
But in terms of, um, in terms of the learning style,
so Jupiter is the higher education.
So even your politics are weird.
Even your um, your philosophy
and how how you view higher education
and learning is different.
And it's like most people
who have a ninth house ruler in retrograde or Jupiter
and retrograde, some of them go to college,
but the reason they're in college is not the norm
or they don't want to be there.
Maybe they were forced into it
or pushed into it by maybe family was like, you're going
and you were just like, I don't wanna be here.
I don't. And usually
because remember it's, I was born with the,
I already have it mentality,
but I don't have a connection to that part of it.
It's usually like, I already know this
or college is not gonna teach me anything
that I can't learn myself.
You'll hear that all the time from somebody
who has a ninth house retrograde or a Jupiter retrograde.
I see Anita shaking her head or nodding her head rather. Oh
Yeah, Right there.
Uh, Jen, can you clarify?
It is house then it house then sign,
then planet is how I would read.
It's how I do read. I read house,
then sign the, that's not true.
And remember I have a Mercury retrograde,
so you're gonna have to figure out the best way for you.
But the way mm-hmm. That I read is I identify the planet
that I'm talking about, then I go back to the house,
then the sign, then the ruler.
So I guess we, we'll say that Planet house sign ruler
and ruler takes you back
to planet again. So that's the cycle.
So if you have a retrograde planet,
say the ninth house, but the ninth house,
Do you have this?
I do. Okay. So and we just pull up yours. Well,
It's a different sign. I don't
wanna have you jump. I I was just thinking we
were talking about Anita saying
That's okay, we're about to go to Saturn anyway,
so you mind if I could pull you start off, you
Can need mine. Yep. I don't have Saturn,
but yeah, I have, um,
Well you said nothing else, Right?
I have, um, yeah, Neptune.
You have Neptune. Okay. Yep.
So in order, when you're reading this, this is, um,
I'll probably come back to this,
but I'll, I'll answer this a little bit now for you
is when I'm reading these energies,
it's always planet, right?
So I look at the planets and I see Jupiter
and I see Jupiter direct, and then I see Neptune retrograde.
Yeah. And I already know that for you, it's a conjunction.
So these planets are working together.
Now I know a couple of things before I even dive into it.
The first thing that I personally look at
is it's the ninth house.
Cool. Then it's the ninth. And I see the deck in mm-Hmm.
And I go into the sign, right?
This is interchangeable, but these work together. Mm-Hmm.
Because this just avers the type of sign.
It's, it's a Jupiter.
Jupiter, it's a Mars, Jupiter, it's a sun Jupiter, uh, or,
or Sagittarius, which I just call Jupiter in my head.
And then its rulers going back in the ninth house.
So right there is step by step that I have to do. Mm-Hmm.
So I'm talking about these planets.
The first thing I need to know is
that without knowing the rulership or anything, um,
and this is where to help you not get overwhelmed,
is you look at the, the fact that Jupiter
and everything, that Jupiter means all of it.
Mm-Hmm. Okay. And you just kind of put that there.
And then when you get into lenses,
you've taken the foundation's masterclass.
Mm-Hmm. Already all of it. Okay.
So when you get into lenses, which is obviously the theme of
what we're talking about, how does it, how does it portray
to love, how does it portray to career?
How does it portray to, you know,
gymnastics, whatever the theme is, right?
And I say, but it's conjunct this,
which in color theory means these two work together.
My Neptune placement, which I know is in retrograde.
So Neptune doesn't work normal for me. Mm-Hmm.
We're about to get to retro to this.
I'll come back to your chart for Neptune. Yep,
That's fine. Um,
but so when you're reading this together,
which I'll jump in later, but mm-Hmm.
You're an Aries rising. So
for you we're pulling in a double dose
of Neptune and energy.
But also remember I talked about rulership delegates.
All of the energy that's sitting in the 12th house,
its condition becomes what Neptune represents.
Okay. All of that energy.
And then it feeds it from the 12th house into this is the
energy flow into the ninth house.
Mm-Hmm. Which means it's coming from the 12th house
and your Jupiter is feeding from its own house.
So it's, it's starting there
and it's feeding back into there,
which we'll have to address. Okay.
Thank you. Mm-Hmm.
But your Neptune will never work direct.
So your Neptune's always retrograde.
And it's with the Jupiter direct together.
And that's what, that's a fun energy.
It's a fun energy. And, and
I guess I, I think I understand
because you were saying it, it it's,
it feeds into the 12th house, which is the Neptune ruler,
which is what I was trying to figure that other
Way around. Feeds from
the 12th into the knife.
Okay. Yeah.
And for you, the order is you get inspiration out of nowhere
and then you try to understand it.
You try to kind of expand on that.
So if you're, if you did anything with like mediumship,
you did anything with like intuition, tarot
or whatever, it would be the intuition that would come in
that you're first off.
You have to learn what that means for you,
which means you have to build your intuition.
You have to start trusting it.
And then once you do that, you can apply
that philosophically.
You can apply that with, and,
and it, it'll have to work tandemly with it.
But the intuition comes first for you.
Three to six, three degrees. Well
Said. That's exactly what
I do. Okay, we can start now.
It's alright. Uh, Saturn, did anybody say use Saturn?
I know, I know Carly said you use Uranus. Uh, Kathleen.
Yeah, I'll use yours. Saturn's a fun one.
Saturn to me is this is, is this you? Are you KPH?
No. 'cause that's a different date.
Alright, so let's load you up in here.
Okay? Uh, 16. I need the, there it is.
September, 1991.
I don't know why military times
screwed me up for a second.
She didn't write military. I converted there.
So, 'cause it's easier to type in this thing.
Uh, field mion.
All right, so we're talking about natal.
We're not gonna worry about relocated
or progressed or anything like that.
Of course. Uh, verify 16th of September, 1991.
7:04 PM Southfield, Michigan.
So you are a Pisces rising.
You have your Saturn, of course, this is why you wanna know.
First off, it's in the 12th house
and secondly it's in the fusion cusp area.
Um, if, if you're, Hey Kathleen,
if you're still in Michigan, you and Tanya live close.
That's fun. Uh, Sharon says,
I have a Saturn pre grade natal now have
retro in your progressed.
That's gonna be another webinar I want to talk about pre
and post grading your natal chart
because they don't operate fully direct.
Um, super important stuff.
Actually the post grades are fun
because you are, um, you've already revisited,
you're already reworking
and you are implementing, which is, uh, very powerful.
Post grade placements I think are very powerful.
Pre grade I think are more challenging sometimes than retro
grades because you're going to have to redo it.
So, um, that type of energy being imbued upon you.
We all have, most of us have that.
Like you're, you're gonna have a nice little mix
of retrogrades, post grades, pre grades, pro grades.
Um, but anyway, so, uh, I'm not gonna get into this in here,
but, uh, if we haven't already, you've got a lot of, uh,
god, geez, you've got, I don't mean that in a bad way,
but it's a lot to break down.
You've got a 21 degree Venus that goes into a 23 degree sun
that goes into a 20 degree polys.
It goes into an 18 degree Pluto that goes into a 19 degree,
um, midheaven,
which goes into a 16 degree Juno.
So like half your chart is in semis sex tiles.
So that's something that you're gonna wanna
understand and break down.
And um, that's, that's the challenge is
to be able to understand this.
It's also the reason you're here is to be able
to break this down and understand this
holy semis, sextiles, Batman.
I know. Um,
but you know, the, the beautiful thing about
that we don't talk about with Quin cos is semis tiles.
I'll be talking about this in my book. They are powerful.
Like, they're really cool once you align with them, it just,
it feels magical when it's there.
It's like, holy crap. It's like an
amplification of both planets.
Um, when you get it, you're like, oh, this always works.
And it's, it's really cool.
Anyway, Saturn, so
before I jump into the chart itself, Saturn,
this is the one we always talk about authority,
long-term goals, career.
And we talk about in career,
not like this is your career in terms of what you do,
but it's career in terms of like public image, reputation
and the thing you do on a daily basis for a long time.
That's what it means by career.
We don't mean like, this is the career.
Like your 10th house is not your career in terms
of the job itself.
It is what you've done for a long time
and how you've done it that long.
And that's what it ends up being.
Uh, Saturn itself has to do with any authority figures.
Uh, all of us, I have this, most
of my planets are retrograde, kind
of licking my lips on this one
because I'm kind of proud of it,
but also kind of ashamed of it.
But I have my Saturn retrograde as well.
I have, uh, my 10th house with Chiron. You in your chart.
Um, Kathleen, sorry I forgot the name for a second.
I could've looked over here. Uh,
you have your Saturn in retrograde,
your 10th house ruler is not.
So you have a little bit of Arie.
However, the energy still plays itself out at least
partially in that when it comes to authority,
you think you have the authority more than other people.
You don't respect people just
because they're in a, in a position of authority
with a Saturn retrograde.
Because you need to prove it. You need them to rework it.
You need that to come to you. You're an authority. Show me.
And that's kind of that energy when it comes to job titles.
Uh, sometimes you cannot connect with a job title
or connect with that.
Uh, uh, like a career move.
Most people with a sound and retrograde
or a 10th house ruler that is retrograde are not meant
to have careers in the standard traditional sense
because that career has already been had that that level
of achievement has already been had.
This is also, I put a post up
where I talked about Chiron in my 10th house, but it's also
because of my Saturn retrograde
that achievements are very difficult.
Like, you don't understand what an achievement is.
When you are successful at something,
you are usually successful, but you don't honor it
because you don't understand it.
'cause you don't respect it. 'cause you
don't know what a success is.
You don't know what a milestone is.
You don't know when you've achieved
something, everyone else will tell you.
But to you with a Saturn retrograde, you're just like,
that's not an achievement.
Oh my God, I didn't know what
to comment when your success posts the other day,
were you feeling it?
Because yours is, you know, Chiron makes us feel that way.
My Chiron is in the 10th house, which adds to mine,
but I also have a Saturn retrograde.
So I don't ver mine's in the third house.
I don't talk about being successful.
I don't think I'm successful.
Like I, I talk about it all the time.
I've got my name up on a building.
I got money, I got whatever.
I've done a lot of really cool things,
but in my mind, in my energy, in my brain, I don't attribute
that to being successful.
I'm not successful yet. There's always something else.
And it's because I haven't really, I've still 42 years old.
I haven't figured this out yet, what success means to me.
I, I, when my brother was visiting, now, I'll come back
to yours real quick in a second.
But when I, my brother was visiting,
we were standing out on my backyard.
A lot of you guys have seen it. We're staring at the ocean.
He's telling me how amazing this is
and how he wants it and whatever.
My best friend is texting me at the same time, like,
you're the most successful person
I've ever met, blah, blah, blah.
I'm sitting him in the same breath saying,
I don't know if I care about this.
Like, I love it. It's a pretty view,
but I still feel like, hmm, I don't know
because I don't know what it means to be successful.
I'm, I've, I'm naturally successful.
Most people with Saturn retrogrades are,
and this is also why, partly why people
with Saturn retrograde
or the 10th house, ruler, retrograde have a tough time
with management and have a tough time
with anybody in a position of authority
where they don't necessarily want to be the manager.
They already feel like that would be a downgrade for them.
'cause you are imprinted with the energy
that you've already had it.
I already had my career. I already had success.
So you don't know what success is.
You don't know what a career is.
You don't know what authority is.
So you don't like cops as much.
You don't like your boss as much.
You, you fought with teachers a bit more
or didn't respect them until one came along
and earned your respect.
So that's what has to happen with that is what is it to you?
What is respect, what is, that's all that 10th house stuff.
Tradition. People with Saturn retrograde.
You might like Christmas,
but you don't really like Christmas.
You might like Halloween,
but you don't really like Halloween.
I don't celebrate Halloween.
Like other people celebrate Halloween.
I don't even wanna do it on the day. I don't.
We do Valentine's Day on the 12th, the 13th or the 15th.
We never do it on the 14th. It's my energy.
I don't want to, I don't like it
because I don't like traditions.
But remember that that energy goes inward
and reflective and compounds.
You create all kinds of traditions for yourself.
Everything's a freaking tradition. I always do this.
You'll hear people with Saturn
retrograde be like, I always do this.
I do this all the time. And that's a tradition.
They don't know. It's a tradition.
But it is like every year I do this. That's a tradition.
No, I don't like traditions, I hate holidays.
You know, you'll hear that all the time.
Also, what's authority? What is authority to that person?
The reason why they don't tend to want to like people
with Saturn, retrogrades are usually offered
positions like manager positions and they don't want 'em.
And everybody else is like, what's wrong with you?
That's a promotion. I don't see it as a promotion.
I see it as a downgrade. I'll give you a personal reference.
When I worked for Verizon, they kept trying
to push me into assistant manager and then manager.
They were trying to fast track me.
And I kept saying, I don't want that s**t.
That's not, that's not an upgrade. That's a downgrade.
You guys make less than I do. I'm a salesperson.
I make more than you. You're making $60,000 a year.
I'm making almost a hundred thousand years.
Why would I take your job?
Now I've got my 10th house up in Taurus.
I got my Saturn and it, the ruler Queen Cosing, you know,
Saturn retrograde for me.
But it's because that's not authority to me.
That's not a long-term goal for me.
And people with Saturn, retrogrades have
to figure out what their own goals are.
And that's why when it comes to a Saturn retrograde,
since some of you guys ask me what's the first thing I look
at in a career reading?
I go to Saturn retrograde
or your 10th house rule of retrograde.
It's the first thing I look at in a, in a career reading.
Why? Because most people are on a call with me
because they can't figure out career
because they're not supposed to have one.
They're supposed to build one.
And for some people it means I created my own job title in
my, in the company I work for, where
I just told my managers I want to do this.
And they were like, oh, well we need that anyway.
So I'll make that job title for you.
Or I'm not supposed to work for corporations.
I don't like the government, I don't like big corporations.
I want to do my own thing.
I wanna build up something that I can be proud
of for a long term.
The upgrade isn't what I want. 'cause then I feel stuck.
I won't be able to leave. Yeah.
Structure, you know, the, these people lack structure.
People with a Saturn retrograde, that would include you, uh,
Kathleen, you would lack structure.
Uh, especially things that were unknown, uh,
or things that had to do with like random events
that would happen from time to time around family, uh,
that were completely outta your control.
That had to do with your father.
You wouldn't have that structure, you wouldn't have
that authority to look up to
because it, it was already there.
And then it was re it was reworking
and then boom, you were born
and you're supposed to go find it.
You're not. You are inherently, you know,
its structure should be
and you understand it, but it's not for you.
Your parents likely didn't parent you.
'cause they come off as the authority, she says, yeah,
in all caps, right?
Your, your Saturn and you know, this generation, um,
or this isn't a generation
'cause Saturn moves, um, relatively quickly.
Every two and a half years switches a sign, right?
But for people who were born
with Saturn in Aquarius, it's always interesting.
And, and for this, when I said generation, I meant people
of your age range that also have Aquarius here.
This is called reciprocal rulership.
So you have, um, or there's another word for it,
but you have this ruler over here.
You have it's ruler back.
So these two are linked together, mutual reception.
That was the word I was looking for.
So mutual reception,
but it's reciprocal rulership is another way to say it.
So essentially you have this ruler here, this ruler here,
and it just clo it creates this like infinity loop.
And you have to read it a very specific way.
Otherwise it just feels like it's the same energy.
And that's where it becomes challenging.
If you're not reading planet in-house, in sign rulership,
in which is the planet in-house, in sign,
you will confuse yourself.
And if you've ever read anybody
who has a Libra Risings chart, you will confuse yourself
because you're like, you'll be like the third.
So a Libra rising would have the third house in Sagittarius
and then Gemini in the ninth house.
So if you had Jupiter in the ninth house
and Mercury in the third house, you're like,
what the f**k is this?
Because people don't break it down in order.
They just read energy and mesh it all together.
Me being a confused Libra rising. Yeah.
And it happens all the time. It was hard for me.
Like most of the stuff I tell you is difficult
and it's being done wrong is because I did it wrong.
Like I, I'm not on any high horse here.
I went through all the, the struggle
of figuring the s**t out.
And it sucked. Like it sucked because I no one to talk to.
'cause everybody was like, no, I didn't just read the
ancient texts and yeah, read that book over there,
an astrologer saying it was like this.
And I'm like, well, it doesn't fricking
work, so how's it work?
Well, me listened to them like that was all of it.
Carly, your first per client was a li rising. Ouch.
Ouch. I think everybody struggles with that.
Like the Libra rising is the most challenging one.
If you can master that one, you've got it.
Uh, Elizabeth, there you go, Tanya. Yeah.
Libra charts are, they're, they're challenging.
They, because you're merging
and meshing the energies together,
you're not doing energy flow.
So, and that was the thing.
You saw my post in Mystic Circle, that was the thing
I alluded to if you were on the live
before this, where I said, this is the thing
that even chat GPT says this doesn't exist,
is using the order of planets to resolve energy
and to understand energy flow in how things work
by saying this first, this, this, this.
And then it goes this way. And being able to trace that.
And there's kind of a version called disor ship, which is
what layering became in my system where it traces things,
but it never goes backwards
and it always tries to find a final dis.
Like that's the whole goal here, to here,
to here, to here, to here, to here, to here.
Oh, it ends with Jupiter. Jupiter rules everything.
It's like, this is not Lord of the Rings.
We don't need one ring to rule them all.
We need to understand what happened from house
three to house five.
And you skipped house five to get to house eight so
that you could get the Jupiter at the end.
We don't know what happened in house five
and that's why people are so lost, right?
So that'll obviously be another webinar.
I don't wanna rant off on that.
But let's, let's jump in here.
So all of this, we talked a little bit about her childhood,
um, and, and the lack of Kathleen with the lack of, um,
that support that comes from there, even though
that's your default mode is, is your childhood, is
to go back to how you felt as a child.
Uh, all of that is contributed into your Saturn positioning,
excuse me, your Saturn positioning, but all of that energy.
And you're a good candidate for this
because this could be very confusing too.
All of this energy is called a house condition.
And it all funnels into Saturn.
So Saturn, which is retrograde, is,
is being fed all of this energy in the 12th house
and its ruler is fed back into the 11th house.
And this is where you go, I
don't know how to read this s**t.
There's so much going on.
And even myself, when I get charts like this, I'm like,
okay, we gotta slow down for a minute.
I can't talk as fast as normal.
I gotta break this down because there's a lot going on
whenever you're talking about planets that are rulers.
And in this case there are only 3, 1, 2 and three,
and none of them are dual rulers.
Whenever you see v Mercury
and Venus in a telium, that's
where I'm like, all right, here we go.
'cause it, it, there's so much more I have
to do with these three.
They only rule one sign.
So I get to just be like,
okay, this one, this one, this one.
You got two retrogrades that feed in.
You got one that can't go retrograde, thank God.
So that's easier. And uh, again,
I'm not saying retrogrades are bad,
but you have to inverse them.
So all of that energy that goes in here,
you've got two retrogrades feeding in with your sense of
where your south node ruler is in the house,
where the north node ruler is,
that feeds into the 12th house back into the first house
with a bunch of retrogrades.
So how you would break this down, again, that's more
for another webinar,
but when I'm looking at Saturn,
I need to know where it came from.
So that's the other thing I didn't mention
before is where did it come from?
That's the bidirectionality of rulerships that we do.
I need to know what Saturn really means.
Well, Saturn's a ruler of friendships.
Saturn is your future goals.
Saturn is how you're, you change things.
Saturn is where you're weird.
Saturn is, you know, is a lot of things,
but it plays out for you, Kathleen,
that you're weird in structure.
You're structurally weird when it, when it comes
to these things, when it comes to tradition, you like
to do your own things, but you're not comfortable with it.
So you default back to, you know, your childhood
and a lot of, a lot of your lessons.
See there, it slips out again.
A lot of your alignment challenge is for you.
I don't like that lessons word. I really don't.
But anyway, for you it's like understanding your childhood
and your default programming, your patterning in in terms
of your mother, your family and your father and,
and in different ways.
And how all of that emotional security feeds into the goals
that you are, that you can feel are uncomfortable to have.
But you know, you have to do them.
You're always pushing for the, for, for, for the future.
There's always change, there's always spirituality.
But your structure within spirituality as it pertains to,
um, you know, friendships
and how things are different in networking in the
communities, this would be a very difficult,
you being here is an amazing step forward for you
because communities would be very challenging for you.
And finding the right niche community would be very
challenging for you because when it comes to authority,
you're like, you guys are just talking about tradition
and none of you are looking at the science.
None of you are looking at how things actually work.
None of you are, you're just saying that you know something
and you don't actually know it.
And that would be one of your frustrations.
Correct me if I'm wrong,
can't believe I brought Lord of the race into this.
It's right. And that's how you feel about things
because you know that there's a, there's a, there's a, um,
a reliability, you know, that there's uh,
well where's your success rule where it's not there?
So it's not even about practicality.
I'm sure that plays in
because I'm not looking at all the aspects.
I'm sure that plays in, but in this, this,
it's more about like the finiteness
and the correctness of what is, you know, something
that can be something that you can depend on the structure,
how things work and saying, okay, this is
how it's always been, but could we be wrong
because I need it to work.
And that's kind of the energy
and there's an intuitive nature that has to come in.
But when it comes to authority
and how things have always been, you just, first off,
you have your 11th house in Capricorn,
which is already like, I wanna change structures,
you know, and then all of that leads into the 12th house,
hence wanting to join and learn alchemistic, astrology.
Yeah, you wanna learn how all this works
and you wanna be able to figure it out too.
And you wanna be able to have the authority on it.
So you need, you needed somebody that proved it.
So that's why you probably did a system to system thing
as well, trying to figure out how it worked.
There was a journey here because the north node
that was pulling you in, uh, Lilith is in here.
So there's that, there's that like,
I need it to be different.
I know there's something you unique, I know there's,
I know something works and there's a system that works,
but then it goes back into the 12th.
So for you, you need it to be spiritual as well,
but your spirituality, because it's the ruler
and it's Saturn has to be a structure within the system
that you find that you build.
So I can't tell you to be spiritual and X, Y, z
and meditation for you would be very difficult as well.
And you probably have, maybe by now you figured it out,
but it would be very difficult for you to figure out
what meditation is.
And a lot of different things that you may have tried,
you would either have to take from it
and revolutionize it in your own way,
meaning make it better, something better that works for you.
Um, or you would have to, um, just take pieces
of it, but more likely you have to take something
and make it better for yourself.
Does that make sense?
I know we talked about a lot of things.
I'm supposed to be talking about Saturn,
but does that make sense for you guys?
Saturn is about, I didn't have authority,
no structure growing up,
even if your parents were very structural.
Now sometimes through related energies
you can have structure and no structure at the same time.
So you can have, you know,
your 10th house ruler in the 10th house
and you can have Saturn retrograde
and you can have a situation where it's like,
I had structure but it, I didn't like it, it wasn't for me.
So I felt like I had no structure.
I was being forced to have structure,
which was not my structure.
And that's why related energies are so important.
And when I say related energies, I haven't taught it.
But Saturn, Saturn rules attorney and things
and wherever Capricorn is, but the 10th house does too.
And a lot of times people are like, well,
when do I use which one?
You use both. You use both of them
because when you get into vantage, meaning where,
what are we talking about and where is it?
Are we talking about the 11th house?
Well, Saturn from the vantage point
of the 11th house is its ruler Saturn from the vantage point
of the 12th house is coming from the 11th house.
They're not the same. Saturn resides there
because the 11th house is pushing into the 12th.
Saturn does not reside in the 11th house,
it rules the 11th house.
These are two different things.
Does that make sense?
We're doing Saturnian themes, but we are not Saturn.
Saturn is the pinpoint expression of it.
Also, Saturn embodies all of this.
That structure, non-structure really makes sense.
You know, we, we see it more and more Saturn retrograde.
Conjunct. Where'd it go?
Uranus fourth grade was lots of fun growing up. I bet.
Uh, orbs of influence brings it to the 11th.
The rulership brings it, Sharon.
Uh, so Saturn rules Capricorn.
So that's the 11th house,
but also the orbs of influence too.
So yes, that too.
So Saturn and the fusion cusp area for, for her.
So her set, her attorney and area,
and her structure within her spirituality is
there three different ways.
Her 11th and 12th house are always linked together.
It doesn't even matter about the mutual reception.
She's in the fusion cusp area, and it's the ruler
and the orb of influence goes back in.
That was the third one. Saturn's orb of influence,
as I know it now is about seven to seven and a half degrees.
But I'm, one of the things I'm doing
behind the scenes is trying
to narrow those down a bit more like the moon.
I'm pretty positive is what it is.
But some of these other planets like Uranus,
I think I'm a degree off.
I want to narrow it one more degree,
but I'm working on it, which means Neptune would also have
to be, I'm thinking Neptune's closer to three,
and I'm thinking Uranus is closer to four.
But I'm working on it. It's like,
for me, I'm a forever student.
I think like most of you, like,
maybe someone will be like, ah, that's all I want to know.
And they'll leave. But I think for a lot of you guys,
we've already looked at a bunch of charts
where you have retrograde and you've got knowledge
and a thirst for this.
And, uh, you guys, a lot of you guys are gonna do, you know,
good for yourselves, good
for your family, and right by the world.
And you can't stop learning
and think that you can keep teaching.
That's the, that's the conundrum by the way,
with the ninth house, especially for Kathleen here.
'cause a ruler is Scorpio and it's back in there.
Is that the ninth house is about higher education,
but it's also about teaching.
You can't teach without higher education,
without a higher knowledge.
So you're gonna limit your teaching if you're
not continuously learning.
And that's another thing I'll talk about is shared, shared,
um, shared themes.
Because, you know, we talk a lot about,
let me just jump back to mine, just to
put it to what I'm familiar with.
We talk a lot about balancing.
Again, this is for another webinar,
but you know, just want to remind you
that there's a million things for you to learn.
We talk a lot about balancing.
So we'll talk about the first
house, we'll talk about the seventh house.
It's an opposition, it's an oppositional house.
We have to balance us with other people.
We have to balance our resources
with other people's resources.
Our knowledge with higher knowledge that is learned
through experience and others and, and the world itself.
So the other thing that, that requires balance is,
let's say the fifth house.
The fifth house. This is the easiest one for me to, um,
to address the fifth house rules, children, the,
the fifth house rules, romance.
So just those two and recreation, right?
Let's do those three. For anybody who's a parent,
who has children or who has had children.
Tell me if it's been easy to balance children
with recreation, with romance.
One always takes over, usually children at that point,
everything else suffers.
But you are not supposed to only focus on your children.
You are supposed to balance out intra house energies.
You are supposed to find romance and your inner child
and deal with your children.
And, and without overwhelming yourself
and physical vitality
and purpose, sometimes your purpose is in your children.
Sometimes you can play with your children
and get three of those knocked down in one.
But not for all of us. And not all the time.
No pressure. No pressure, you know?
And it is not like, and when I say supposed to,
I don't mean like ter in way, like do it.
I mean, you know, you have to remember that it's very easy
to get caught up in, um, work and service to others
and forget about your mental health.
We do it all the time. Intra house
energies and balancing.
How about your partnership?
Forget the fact that it balances out with your first house
and forget any of the planets in there in the seventh house.
Other people with, um, my own business,
within my own hormonal balancing.
There's three right there that are hard to balance out.
When you have your own business.
Sometimes having a relationship is tough.
When you're in a relationship, it's very easy to forget
that you can be hormonal, hormonally unbalanced.
You're not paying attention to your health in that manner.
Or how about being in a relationship
and having solid communication,
solid conversations.
Sometimes we're in relationships, we forget that the person
that we could be having those conversations
with is this person.
Or more importantly, that we could be having conversations
with people who are not my partner.
That's this energy.
So that's another thing that I'll be talking.
And it's actually something important in my book.
I need to remember to make sure that's in there.
Intra energy,
health balancing.
Can't spell balancing. Okay, just make sure I have it.
Uh, 'cause that's one of the key things that I,
I look at in everybody's chart.
I'm like, well, you're doing this, this, and this,
but what about this, this, and this?
Oh, well, I don't have time for that.
Mm mm That's not to say
that some people don't have certain cir circumstances
or situations that they have
to lend more time to certain things.
But come on.
You know, we, we make excuses for ourselves sometimes. Yeah.
Tanya, a hundred percent marriages fail often
because there's no romance.
And the fifth house and the seventh house are a sex tile.
And for the fifth house to operate within the seventh house.
If there is zero, then there is zero.
Does that bother you, Silas, that we're going over on time.
Uh, let's jump into, who did I say who was Uranus?
It couldn't have been Carly. No. Are we good on Saturn?
I think Saturn's the easy one
to understand for the most part.
All right, let's jump in. So, Uranus,
same thing when it comes to friends.
Friends are a tough one for people
who have the 11th house ruler, uh, in retrograde
or Uranus, retrograde friendships, networking,
um, goals.
Like not, not structured goals, but like future.
We get hung up on the past instead of the future.
When we have a Uranus retrograde,
we forget that there is a future.
We're always reworking what the future could have been.
Everything has to be new when you have a Uranus retrograde,
um, except it's never new enough.
And you go back and at technology,
if you have Uranus retrograde, we already hit
that technology exists and it has this function.
Nah, it's supposed to do this.
It's supposed to do something else. Why doesn't it do this?
That is a Uranus retrograde.
How many of y'all have a Uranus retrograde?
'cause this is a, this one's a popular one.
How many of y'all have a Uranus retrograde?
Does this make sense to you when it comes to networking?
It feels like I don't want to network with these people.
Yours is in pre grade, so eventually hits that
you have a hard time fitting in.
It's not, it's not just
you don't feel that way about the past.
But I don't feel that way about the past.
But we didn't talk about the past.
We talked about the future, not,
and by the way, let me clarify that.
Not focusing enough on the future doesn't mean
that we're staying in the past all the time.
So maybe if I said that, I don't mean that.
That's always it. We just have a hard time with
what our future's going to be.
So we can, you know, with other placements,
we can get hung up in the plat in the past,
but we're always looking for the better way.
And even if we found the best way to do something,
there's always a better way, always a better way.
We always feel like there's a better way, better way.
And we're never satisfied once we fix something.
How many of you with a, a Uranus retrograde have fixed
something, a faucet, a tire, a phone,
a website, and
after you're done, you're looking
for another way to fix it Again?
Astr, astrology. Yeah, mine's in the 11th house.
My 11 or my 11th house rulers retrograde in the 11th house.
That is why I keep fixing astrology and orbs of influence.
They're pretty good. What I've come up with is pretty good,
but it's not good enough.
You fix it and you fix it, and you fix it.
And you have to be careful
because at some point
you have lost your life trying to fix stuff.
You rework, you rework.
When it comes to friends, how many
of you have given second chances to people
who should not be your friend?
Because you don't know what a friend is.
Remember Uranus was
already directed, already hit this point.
You're in retrograde, you're at the point
in trying to figure it out.
But because you go inward,
you're also trying to fix yourself.
You're never good enough. You're what is a friend.
You have to determine what a friend is.
No one else can tell you. There can be a hundred million
memes on Instagram, say, this is what a friend is.
But for you, you're like, Hmm,
maybe, but not really.
What's a friend? Well, it
depends on how it sits in your chart.
Uranus in, in Libra means you need some sort
of reciprocation, which you tend not to get.
Um, then that's this one here.
So we see, I was gonna say, I'm always that way with myself,
never quite where I want to be.
Yeah, exactly. And that's the future thing is the future is
never, we are never focused on the future
in a definitive way.
There's no forward motion towards the future.
It's always revisiting what we
thought were our future goals.
Which can be very challenging when you're like, I want
to accomplish something.
You can't because you keep
saying, I'm gonna accomplish this.
But then you keep changing it.
I, I'm, God, I'm so
fricking guilty of this.
Every time I think I'm gonna do something, I change it.
Look at the book. I've been telling y'all for a year,
I'm gonna write this freaking book and I keep rewriting it.
And Ashley's like, will you stop? It was good.
And I'm like, no, I was missing
this, this needed to be here.
I could have said this a different way.
'cause I want it to be the best. 'cause Uranus is the planet
that comes after Saturn.
You think Saturn's bad. Uranus wants it to be better.
Capricorn wants it to be the best.
Uranus wants it to be better than the best.
That's Uranus's energy.
Aquarius is better, not best, better.
Usain Bolt can run it in like four seconds.
I can do it in three. That's Aquarius.
I just have to figure out how I'm gonna do it better,
because I made this bold statement.
Someone could do it faster. And that's, that's that energy.
And look again, there are Tanya,
you start your own business currently in Herms State.
Reevaluating past friends lying. Yeah.
And that's the thing with the transit.
Uranus retrograde right now, how are you making money?
Uranus is retrograde in Taurus. How are you making money?
Everyone should be doing that. That's a transit.
Or what is a value of you when it comes to technology,
when it comes to friends, when it comes to networking?
I mean, Ashley and I are like,
how do we make Mystic Circle a better value
without increasing the price?
That's what we're doing. We know it's a good value.
We know we have a lot of knowledge.
We have a lot of things coming up.
And you know, the community itself I think is amazing.
I think that that's the value right there.
Everything else is just a bonus.
You know, obviously you wanna learn,
but I think the community is the forefront.
He personally, but also when it comes to friends
and niche groups, you don't get along with everybody.
Why? Because you're weird. Because you are not only the
weirdo that does weird things on top of being weird.
Remember that it's Uranus retrograde.
So your, your weirdness is weirder.
And sometimes you will try to out weird other people just
to prove that you are weirder than them.
I see you clapping. Yeah, it's a weird off.
And sometimes it's like, Anita, it too.
And sometimes there's shame with it
because at some point you alienate people
because you try to out weird them so far that you are.
And rebellious, you try to be so rebellious
for the sake of being rebellious.
I know Ashley jokes about this all the time.
She's like, I'll tell you to do this
and I know you're gonna be like,
well, I'm not doing it then.
And that's a combination of Saturn retrograde
and Uranus retrograde.
But your your sense of weirdness, you do not have
to be weird.
That's the challenge is you're going
so far into rebellion territory.
Uranus is already rebellion.
But now you're trying to rebel against your rebellion.
It's not good enough that you're the rebel.
You gotta be weirder. You gotta be more out there.
You've gotta stand out.
You want, and this is the challenge, depending on
how it sits in your chart, but naturally speaking,
a Uranus retrograde wants to stand out.
They like being different. They want to be different.
You being different is not different enough.
Now, if it sits in your chart in such a way that
you know it's with, you know, mean Lilith or Chiron
or certain other situations, then yes,
it could be challenging where it's like,
I know I'm rebellious, but I also don't want people to know
that kind of energy.
I'm weird, but I'm afraid of being weird.
There's a lot of that. Like Uranus with the north node
or the 11th house ruler with the north node.
The north node in the 11th house can give you that.
I'm weird, but I'm afraid of being weird
because I'm not comfortable with it,
because I'm afraid of being judged.
So it goes both. If you didn't rebel against
astrology, we wouldn't be here.
It's true if I didn't.
But you see what happens.
I have that Uranus retrograde, I have my 11th house ruler,
retrograde, and it's back in the 11th house.
So when I rebel, sometimes I'm doing it too much
just to prove I'm different than you.
You've seen it. I'm sure you can all point out a video
or alive that I've been on where I'm like, no.
Like just no. And you know, that's the challenge.
And I'm, I'm just as guilty as anybody else
of going inward too far to prove how different it is.
And there's certain things, and that's why I've come back
and been like, but Hellenistic astrology,
without it, I wouldn't be here.
Like I, I try to go back and be like, yes, it's different.
Yes, I saw the differences within the differences.
It also means mechanics.
I wanna know how it works
and then I wanna know how that works.
If you have a Uranus retrograde, you wanna know how the
how works, especially for yourself.
So that's how that works.
But, but how did that lead to that?
And then you just keep going
until you think you've understood everything,
which is never, I remember fixing
and you're good at fixing things.
You naturally just know how s**t works.
You just look at it and you're like, you know, depending on
how it sits in your chart, you just pull it apart.
You're like, oh, okay, I get that.
Because there's Uranus is about figuring things out
and understanding the why Uranus retrograde
or an 11th house retrograde is about dissecting it
to understand why breaking it apart yourself.
How many of you with a Uranus retrograde,
an 11th house retrograde, have taken something
and intentionally broken it
just so that you know how to fix it?
Or maybe you've gone into a website
and you've intentionally typed in something
that you were like, I wonder if this will damage the system,
or I wonder if this will overload it,
or, I wonder if this will cause a problem.
Just to know the parameters of
what everything is, how the, how works.
Yeah. Like yes, I know Venus' value,
but why is venous value?
Yes. Yes. That's exactly it. That was my brain.
My Uranus is retrograde
and my Mars, I'm sorry,
my 11th house ruler Mercury is also retrograde back in the
house, which is ruler is retrograde.
That's a cycle that just keeps doing this for me.
Even worse than for you guys.
Some of you guys have that too.
Like imagine having a Mars retrograde as an Aries, rising
Mars and Aries as an Aries rising and it's retrograde.
Your Mars retrograde is fed
to Aries whose ruler is back in the first house.
It's retrograde, is fed back in
the Aries, it's back in the first house.
It's just keeps doing this.
And the diving deeper, deeper, deeper of self.
Um, that's the type of person that would
thrive potentially in bodybuilding or running
or just getting things done,
but not being the person who does them.
You, you, you're good at that.
You come here, that's that person, uh,
11th and both 11th and Uranus retrograde
and their are mutual reception.
So you've got that kind of vibe too,
where it's like, I gotta know how.
So does this vibe then Silas, does it make sense?
You can turn your mic on to answer.
Yep. Can you hear me? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Yes. A lot.
Yeah. So it's like, it's never enough.
And I've seen, I've seen that in you
and I see when I say something and you're like this
'cause you're like, you're not accepting it and you're like,
or you accept it at face
value and then you're like, but how?
But how does that work? And what if we did this?
Would it still work?
Yeah. A lot of that's also
because my third house ruler also train my Uranus. So
That's even more that. Yep.
So now all your thoughts are leading into that. Yeah.
It is amazing how this works. Amazing.
When I get to teach you guys Rines, when I do this,
my next course, uh, I'm going back to, uh, houses,
planets, and signs.
But then I'm getting into aspects very quickly. Mm-Hmm.
And I'm gonna blow your mind with
how those aspects actually work.
Because that's the thing that most
of y'all are missing is aspects.
Mm-Hmm. Aspects and transits.
And those are like the big two things.
But you have to know all the other stuff.
So I gotta redo the planet signs
and houses, you know, as a supplemental kind
of lead you in and then get into that.
Mm-Hmm. But yeah, that's Uranus.
And you wanna be careful
because you can only rework it so many times.
Like once it gets better than better than better. It's okay.
You, you gotta have other goals.
You gotta have other stuff to
Do. Walk away. Walk
away,
Walk or use it.
Apply it. Yeah, exactly. Where does that lead to? Mm-Hmm.
Which is important. Like for me, my 11th house ruler,
retrograde leads into Mars,
but sometimes I don't get to Mars.
Mm-Hmm. I don't teach it.
And you've heard me say, I, I wanted,
I never wanted to teach astrology.
There's a couple of reasons in my chart for that.
But one of them is I wasn't done working on it.
I'm like, I fixed astrology, but I wanna fix it again.
I wanna make it better and better
and better until I honestly want it to be so good
that I can look at a chart, see one thing
and tell you that happened, like with incredible detail.
And I'm pretty detailed now, but incredible detail.
Doesn't matter if I can do it better than everyone else.
I don't even see that that's not good enough for me.
And that's what people with 11th house, ruler retrograde
and Uranus retrograde, when it comes back to themselves,
you're never good enough.
'cause it could always be better.
And there's not the only way that
that energy can play out of not being good enough.
But this isn't an insecurity thing.
This is more of an empowerment.
There's an opposition to Leo with a query and energy.
I know I can make this better. That's the idea.
Or that's the inner monologue. Yeah, it's good. Yeah.
It's still better than everyone else's.
But lemme give you a quick
for instance, and then I'll move on.
When, when I was in, I think it was seventh grade,
one of those grades, maybe eighth, um, in tech ed,
when we still had tech ed in schools, there was a, um,
a a workshop thing working with, you know, wood workshop
and we had to make a top right.
The thing that you spin on the thing and it keeps going.
I had to explain that to Ashley
'cause she didn't know what a top was.
You all, we all know what a top is. Yes. Okay.
So, um, there was a, there was a,
if you could make a top last,
a certain amount of seconds, right?
Then you would get a, you know, your name on the board
and the, all the, all the numbers were there.
And I was like, I have to beat all of that.
Like, that was within me.
And I was like, I know I can do it.
So I made a top and I beat it, right?
So I made the top, I did everything.
I won, I was number one. He moved me up.
He said, oh, nobody's broken this record in four years.
I should be like, f**k yeah, but you know what?
I said, I can do better. And I made another top
and I beat my own record.
And then I said, that's not good enough.
Is there anything else? And they said, oh,
well there's this battle tops thing.
I said, what's that? It's like, if you can make it spin
and knock out another top,
then you'll get your name on the board.
So I made another one
and put little nails in the side
of it at a very specific angle.
So I knew that it would deflect off of mine and stop them.
But mine would keep spinning,
which is the mechanics of it, right?
And I did that and then that wasn't good enough.
I made a second one of those and did the same thing,
but it's, and I was,
and I'll tell you something, I was so bummed
that the class ended
because I wanted to do another one and another one.
And it's like, what am I proving?
I already won four years.
The first top I made, the four years already won.
Yeah, I remember that song.
Anything you can do, I can do better.
But it's like, it's on top of that.
It's like anything I can do, I can do better.
That's a Uranus retrograde is not really
as much at you as it is about me.
Like, it starts that way.
Like I can do that better, but then it's like I can keep
doing it better and I can keep doing it better.
And that is Uranus remix.
That's the, that's the challenge.
We have to know when it's, it works and,
and go to the next thing.
We also have to allow ourselves to have a future.
And that can be challenging as well. Yeah.
It's definitely a self battle for sure.
But it also means your genius is genius,
but you don't think you're that smart.
That can also happen as well.
You can know you're intelligent, but you're really smart
because you know
how things work naturally within how things work.
And you deconstruct things
that other people can't deconstruct.
So you're smart, you're intelligent, you're genius level.
You know, it doesn't matter about standardized tests,
we're just talking about uranium energy
and how it sits in your chart is with words,
with communication, with thoughts, with ideas
within being able to mediate things between people
and use philosophy.
And I'm using Carly's chart, by the way.
That's not a universal thing, right?
And there, the south node leading in, there's a default.
I know I'm good at this, I know that.
I know third house, right?
But it's all, but you do have to be careful that you're not,
first off, you have to allow yourself to have fun with it.
And secondly, you have to allow, you have to allow it
to lead into a purpose.
And that is what your challenge could be sometimes, is
that you haven't necessarily identified the purpose.
You're too stuck on fixing it, but you fixing it for what?
And it's all there. Once the purpose is
identified, you're really good at it.
But when you haven't identified the purpose,
this becomes a challenge.
Theum.
Cool. Are we good on Uranus?
So Jamie wants me to use her.
Have, have we not done a reading?
Hey man, how's it going? Uh, no, not yet.
Okay. We haven't.
Okay. Ja, what's the last initial,
Uh, Tess,
Uh, birthday?
Uh, 17 May 91. You said May, right?
Y May, yes. 91 hour date.
Uh, 8:51 PM What's that? 20 city?
Uh, Fort Sill, Oklahoma
Fort. I didn't catch the,
Uh, sill. Fort Sill.
SILL. Yep.
Okay. I've never heard of that city.
That's a new one for me.
Military base. My dad was on.
Okay. So, um, ah, military. Nice.
So that's a lot.
Where's Neptune for you?
Neptune's over here with your north node. Okay.
So Neptune,
before I jump into this chart, Neptune is all about what?
Illusion. Spirituality, creativity, uh,
imagination, all of these things.
The first thing is when it comes to these things, you're not
aware of what is not real.
So that's the challenge.
Neptune's a really hard one to kind of explain
and understand, which makes sense
because Neptune is all about not understanding.
So we're gonna do our best
to understand this as much as we can.
Neptune has to do with the haze.
It has to do with, um, it has to do with the spiritual,
it has to do with, uh, well, like I said, not understanding.
So let me start with that one.
When, when you don't understand something
and then you, that happened before you were born,
and then you're born and you're imprinted with the,
I don't understand, but I don't understand that.
I don't understand. And that is the challenge
for a Neptune retrograde,
I'm gonna say it a couple different ways so
that it sinks in story of my life.
It's irritating. You don't understand that.
You don't understand and
that you don't understand why you don't understand,
but you don't even understand that you don't understand.
And what that means is you think
something's real, that's not.
And, um, your level
of utopianism is inward.
So the things that you expect in terms of like, um,
not expectations like Saturn, not like a concrete thing,
but more of a, um, what's the word I'm looking for?
More of a
flawless, there's a synonym for that.
But you're, you're this perfection,
this level of perfection.
We'll just say it that way. But on a, a more ethereal level,
like you, you have these expectations, not in terms
of you should have done this, but like how things should be.
And it comes from this, you know, just inspired place,
which is a very neptunian thing.
And, um, you don't understand why it can't be like that.
So when it comes to your utopian values
and visions is probably a better word, utopian visions,
you don't understand why in this area
of life it can't just be.
So for instance, um,
um, when we're talking about Neptune in this chart, uh,
you also have an imagine and remember everything goes inward
and it goes backwards.
So you're revisiting imagination can also be,
so I'll talk about a couple things.
One is dreams. It could be someone
who revisits dreams a lot.
You have vivid dreams.
Your dreams immerse very deep into like an entire world.
So like, some people just have dreams about a candlestick
and this, and they're like, what does that mean?
You're like, you have an entire freaking adventure,
often in your dreams.
Uh, or they're just surreal.
And like, they're much harder to understand
because they, you could also have recurring dreams.
Yes, tr where you have the same dream.
I have that all the time. I also have Neptune retrograde.
You have the same dream over and over and over.
And that's really agitating because you're like, why?
And you're trying to figure out why.
And it's just your energy.
Sometimes, uh,
it is usually your unconscious mind that is talking to you.
Your unconscious thoughts,
your unconscious actions are also further repressed.
Maybe that's not the wor right word.
'cause repression is usually a Pluto word,
but they're further in the haze.
So your unconscious within your unconscious, the things
that come up that you're unaware of,
it also means your intuition is much
deeper than other people's.
But you don't understand your intuition,
which means you're not attached to your intuition.
You're highly creative and inspired, but you're inspiration.
You're gonna have a hard time connecting with,
being inspired with Neptune retrograde
or your 12th house ruler, retrograde.
You can also have an issue with things that leave, things
that just vanish or end.
You can have a very difficult time with endings
because as something ends, you're like, why?
Why did it end? I don't, I don't
understand why it's not still here.
Or it can linger for you.
Things that ended end up lingering
because you keep revisiting that ending and it never closes.
So it takes you forever to close a chapter of your life.
So, and that can play out in a multitude of ways.
I'll say possibly why you can't remember dreams.
Those dreams become so immersive
that they stay lay in your unconscious more
so you have a harder time recalling dreams than the average
person because it's not outward, it's inward.
So you would actually, in order to recall those dreams,
you would have to get yourself back into that mindset
that you had going into the dream.
And you would have to sit with it.
And you'd have to figure out how to kind
of put yourself in theta essentially
so that you can revisit that.
Um, and it will disappear very quickly too,
because it's, it gets sucked back into the void.
I remember most of my dreams. And that can happen too.
It depends on how it's sitting,
but, um, dream recall can be, you can recall
some of the, it, it depends on the inspiration,
depends on the moment.
So like, dream recall gets tougher
with a Neptune retrograde later than it does.
I only recall pieces. Yeah, that's the haze
that we're talking about, the confusion.
And what's interesting is I don't have a way to prove this,
so I'm only gonna say it as a theoretical, um,
because we're talking about Neptune
and we're talking about things that are intangible,
but you are not actually recalling the thing
that actually happened.
So your, your dream itself, because it's expansive
and it compounds in,
you are not recalling the entire dream, the entire path.
You're only recalling, like she said, a piece of it.
You're recalling a part of it,
and you're not necessarily remembering the
dream as it actually was.
So that's another one for, um, Neptune retrograde, um,
deep imagination.
Very much a daydreamer getting lost in there,
but connecting to the spiritual world, connecting
to your own talents.
It's like, you know, you're talented,
but you feel like you can't express that talent.
Uh, and and we're not talking about like physical talents.
We're talking more like music.
We're talking about like finding your music.
So anybody who has a Neptune retrograde who's musical,
you always have that tap into music
and you can dive into like the, the feeling
of the music very easily.
If you yourself are into music, um,
you can get lost in music very easily,
but you can also have a very difficult time being inspired
until you've kind of connected to something that, um,
that is reworking the inspiration for it.
You play guitar and we're in a band that makes sense.
The question is, why did it not last?
There's a dis there's a discomfort within your own talent
as it pertains to, you know, fingers or how you play it
or how it was rhythmically.
So the question would be like, why did it, not it not last.
And this is kind of the endings.
This is also the nostalgia planet.
Neptune being, you know, nostalgia and, um,
and pulling it back.
Neptune retrograde in conjunction.
So there's a Neptune retrograde conjunction here,
uh, with Uranus.
And, um, you know, the, the other thing with, with, uh,
Jamie's chart here is Jamie, right?
Yes. Just making sure my memory's all right.
Um, is there, there would be an element of shame
or regret around, you know, whether
or not there was a future or a continuation with this.
And you can constantly revisit these things
and you have a lot of memories of, you know, certain times
of the things that were talked about.
Or the song lyrics would be pretty powerful here.
Um, but the north node, there was a discomfort here.
And that's the question is, you know, what,
what were you feeling like you were missing
within your own talents?
Um, especially with like the finger playing.
Was there something about, um,
the friends or the group?
'cause that's probably one of the biggest issues, is
that the group that you played with,
it was probably authority issues in like your place within
it, fighting in the band.
There you go. So that's something that,
like your north node was saying, you know,
it's more about the music, it's more about the talent.
It's more about the quality time, you know,
with Second House in Capricorn, then, you know, and the, um,
and the, the, the realness of it, the practicality,
the usability of it, the ability to have a service
or a job from music, that would've been much more important,
but you didn't know that back then.
So the actual authority and how to have a structure and,
and find your way to fit in.
Have them find their way
to fit in to kind of work it together.
And that's really where, like I said, any regret or shame
or anything that would've been, that would've been attached
to that, that's where that would play in is like,
I wish it would've, you know, X, Y, Z.
But you know, you say guitar, right?
Guitar makes a lot of sense. I play guitar. Yeah.
So guitar makes a lot of sense.
Um, drums actually would've made sense.
I don't know if you had thought about it, but, um,
but drums also would've made sense as well.
And then singing, um, within,
this is like a background vocal kind of singer.
Yes. Lefty. There you go. Look at that.
Um, it's cool.
Uh, so this energy here, so the combination of,
so this person has two retrogrades.
Jamie has a, uh, a third house ruler, which is retrograde.
So when you're looking at, um,
when you're looking at Uranus, you know, you usually think
of all the Uranian themes,
but this again, is where rulership delegation comes in.
It is the ruler of the third house.
So anything that has to do with communication,
sporadic communication, talking different,
writing differently, that's exactly
where the lefty comes in.
Um, you know, when it comes to, um, you know,
communication within friendships, if I didn't already say
that, when it comes to, uh, being able to talk
and network, that can be challenging too,
because this type of energy con conjunct, the fourth house,
can make it very, it can make you feel like you can't, you,
you don't feel comfortable to speak, uh, within the group
of the things that you want.
And like what you see as the goals of the group,
that could have been a huge challenge too,
which probably led to a lot of the fighting, is
that there was just different goals.
Every person was there for a different reason.
And combining those together without, you know, the,
the idea that you guys were a family,
that could have been a tough one too.
So that's where those retrogrades
and those conjunctions come in.
And the communication could have led to,
because it's communication first
and then it's the fourth house ruler.
It could have left the, the things that were set, especially
randomly, outta nowhere, um, that were built up could have,
um, set the tone, which would've
made it whether or not you felt comfortable
or everyone felt comfortable
as a tight-knit family within the group.
And that's something that would've
had to have been explored.
And for you to realize how to navigate that type
of energy within each other and feel safe
and secure, that there was going to be a future
with these specific people.
And that would be what you have to assess moving forward.
If you ever did something like this again, is
who, who is it?
And, you know, where's the authority placed?
And also, one thing I didn't, I didn't talk about yet, um,
which I should have said at the beginning,
but I'm gonna say it now, it applies to all the planets, is
that there's a release element of,
um, all retrogrades.
So when it comes to like Saturn retrograde, you're supposed
to release and give back authority to other people.
When it's Pluto retrograde, which we haven't gotten to,
it's the same thing I'm supposed to let go of control
and give control back.
When it comes to Neptune retrograde, we're talking about,
um, when it,
this one's a much more difficult one to say, give back.
When it comes to endings, I'm supposed to come to conclusion
with it, to, to give that back, to let go.
So I'm not holding on to the ending of something.
It's a bit more metaphoric, but it's the same thing.
Can Neptune means singing ability.
So usually singing itself has a combination
of the third house, the second house, and the 12th house.
Uh, the, the actual voice is, um,
the actual ability to sing is Taurus.
The actual voice in the tone of the voice is, uh,
mercury or Gemini.
And the actual inspiration.
And, um, like harmony comes from, uh, Libra
and from which is also Venus and also Neptune.
Neptune is an inspired musical ability where it flows
through you and you become inspired.
Music itself is there because it's intangible.
The actual, I need my body to sing, it has
to bring in other stuff.
It's kinda like Silas's post about the
house, the rooms of the house.
And you know that the house is represented by cancer.
But then when you break everything down, even the bedroom,
let's say you broke the bedroom down is Neptune.
And then you went in and it's like, well,
the bed though could be
Neptune 'cause of sleeping in dreams.
Or it could be Taurus because of resting.
It could be, um, or value.
It could be that my children sleep there.
It could be Leo, it could be Leo for other reasons.
Uh, you know, intimacy.
It could be Scorpio or something, you know, k***y in there.
There's, it could be a lot of things.
And it really comes down to the energy of it.
So the challenge with labeling, one thing
as the one thing has been another source
of contention within astrology is you learn
that relationships are the seventh house.
It's like, well, relationships are a theme. Love is a theme.
Your interaction with other people is definitely the seventh
house, but it is not your whole relationship.
You have to break that down.
So when you get into like music
and singing, it's the same thing.
If you get into like the snare drum, you're,
you're now talking about a combination of Gemini
and Aquarian energy
because you're talking about the cadence of, um, the speed
and the cadence of the aquarium of the drum.
And you're talking about the physical sticks
and hands for actually playing the drums,
which is also why I, I enjoy the drums and I beatbox
because it brings in those two elements as well.
But I'm not as good as everybody else.
'cause there's an opposition that I haven't figured out how
to pull together.
I watched some people like, damn,
I'm not even gonna touch beatboxing ever again.
Uh, we had Blink 180 2 taking back Sunday style.
It was, uh, two for us.
Singing always felt like backup was better for me.
Yeah, that actually is your energy is is that type
of backup supporting, um, merging within the group.
But there has to be something different
that would've made you stand out.
So it would've been a certain tone, uh,
or it would've been a certain structure
that you would've taken within like the me
the melodic harmonies.
That would've been different. So I've heard people saying
like, instead of taking the third,
I take the fifth right on the harmony.
And it creates a very different dissonant sound.
And that's actually what you guys needed.
And you might not have found, which would've mean
that you guys wouldn't have stood out.
How you should have probably stood out.
But that's challenging when you're,
when you're working with a group.
I, I've had problems with groups.
I've got all these, these
retrogrades that all you guys have.
Uh, you're nay at
26 Mars at one degree.
Yeah. That is out of orb. Those are not conjunct.
They're two completely different things.
Ann, I
that makes sense asking 'cause I sing two Ys.
Um, did we get it? Did I hit it this right? Did, did.
Are we good Neptune or solid on Neptune?
Immersive, imaginative musical.
But we have to figure out what music is for us, which is,
if you're end up doing music, you got Neptune retrograde,
you're always diving deeper into the melody.
You're always diving deeper into the, the, uh,
the sensitive side of it.
Are we good? Very cool. Cool, cool.
Uh, Misha, you wanted me to do Pluto?
This is you, right? July 8th.
No, it must not be 'cause you're Pluto.
This Pluto's not retrograde.
Sharon did Sharon,
that's not it either, is it?
No, we haven't done a reading yet.
Okay. I was gonna say that. That doesn't, that's not it.
All right. That's a, it's a surprising amount of people
who ended up in the school who haven't done a reading yet.
That's usually it. It used to be that, oh, I did a reading.
I wanna learn, um,
God, what's your username,
Craig C?
There it is. Yeah.
Oh my memory, sometimes. Uh, birthday,
27th of February.
27th of February. Yeah. 1996.
1996. 86.
86. Yeah.
Uh, hour, uh, time. 11:57 AM
That's 1150.
No, 57 and somewhere in Ireland. Dublin.
Yeah. Dublin. Dublin.
Alright, here we go. Cancer rising.
Uh, I knew that by looking at your profile photo in Libra.
That's fun energy. Lots of cancer. Double cancer there.
Um, Pluto retrograde. There it is.
And with yourself? No, but not conjunct. Okay, cool.
So the orbit of influence of the nodes is three.
Pluto is about a degree and a half. So way out of war here.
So, uh, and it's the fifth house ruler.
So your fifth house energy back into the fifth house,
but in Scorpio energy.
So, Pluto, before we get into this specific chart, again,
we were born, all the power
and control, all the transformation
had already been happening.
And then we're going back on what has been transformed,
what needed to be transformed.
We're going back on, on, uh, on debt.
We're going back on, um, you know, shared resources
and uh, and power and control.
So when you're born, and this is imprinted on you, for all
of you guys who have, um, Pluto retrograde, I also want
to make, no, I don't wanna talk about that right now.
There's a very interesting thing about Pluto when it comes
to pre grade, post grade
and pro-grade
that I will release pretty soon.
Uh, but for right now I'm gonna leave it.
Um, but anyway, it's retrograde here.
That's all we're talking about. So Pluto retrograde, um,
already power and control and things of that nature.
You don't have any. So, you know, that's what happens
with a Pluto retrograde is you don't have any power.
You don't have any control.
You're reworking what that means.
Everything feels out of control.
Everything feels like you're powerless
constantly throughout your life.
And it's because you're supposed to figure out
what power and control are.
And when it comes to it, um,
the other thing I didn't talk about
with retrogrades is we overcompensate.
So whenever a retrograde is in your chart,
we always overcompensate to try to prove that we have
that normally.
So like a Saturn retrograde, you, you try
to be the authority all the time.
You already know you are, but you try to to to other people
to see you as the authority.
And they don't because authority for you is being reworked.
Pluto is the same thing. You try
to have control over everything.
You can be a control freak.
You try to, um, everything that you can have control,
you try to, and it's because you didn't have it as a child
and you didn't have it as a theme growing up.
You feel powerless.
You feel in control, and you feel often in situations like
you are powerless
and that you don't have control over things.
And shared resources are tough for you.
So either shared resources have been thrust upon you
and you didn't want them, or you didn't have access to 'em.
Like you didn't have access to debt
on financing or whatever.
Or as a kid, you were only given hand-me-downs.
And you didn't want them. You wanted something
that was your, and something you could control.
You had to share with everybody.
You didn't have anything that was, that was, uh, yours.
And sharing was very difficult for you.
Sharing was was difficult for Sharon.
And, um, for all of us.
And in this area, things are already kind
of turbulent and you are reworking
and trying to navigate through the turbulence
that you don't understand.
So wherever Pluto is sitting in your chart,
not only do you feel powerless
and you have a lack of control,
but you, you feel like things are chaotic in this area
growing up and you don't understand why they're chaotic.
It doesn't make any sense to you
because you're going back to kind of sift through the debris
to try to make sense of all this, to gain a sense
of power in controlling your life.
So for you, it has to do with your father
and your, your early childhood.
And it feeds back into being a child.
It feeds back into recreation.
It feeds back into, um, to how those energies play out.
And, and, you know, for parenthood,
it will play back into children
and feeling like you don't know how to child.
And that all your inner, I say this,
I say this all the time anyways, is that when you are a, um,
when you become a parent, all your childhood trauma comes
out, comes right back up.
And you ha and every single child, it's not like you get
to heal yourself and the
second child, you're like, I'm good.
No, something else comes up with the second child
and then the third child every single time that you have
to, uh, navigate.
But this would actually be, you would have to be cautious.
You would automatically not want
to put your trauma on your child.
So that's a positive of the Pluto retrograde
because especially in the fifth house
as the fifth house ruler is,
you'd have a a you would constantly be wanting
to have a deep bond with your child.
You would be afraid that you didn't.
And you may be a hover parent as a result.
However, and, and I'll
talk about something other than children.
'cause not all of us have kids, but, um,
however, you would also be very cautious
that you are not repeating trauma.
You are taking their trauma on for yourself.
Anything that's dangerous for them,
you would be taking on for yourself.
And that could be tough for their upbringing,
but at the same time, they would also not be feeling your
trauma back on them as long
as you've actually dealt with it.
But you would deal with it like a double
dose because of that.
When it comes to recreation, when it comes to like purpose,
your purpose, you're always seeking purpose.
You're always trying to find it
because you, with within the fifth house can be very
challenging because the sun itself can't be retrograde.
But the fifth house ruler can, which it is here,
and it's back in the fifth house.
So you're always seeking that purpose.
You always know you had a purpose,
but you didn't ever know what it was.
And you're trying to control things to put it together
to figure out what that purpose is.
And that actually leads you further away
because you actually have to let go of some of that control
and some of that need for knowing, uh, so
that you can allow experiences to happen.
And transformation is always much more difficult
because you feel like you've already gone
through all the crap as a child or when you were younger.
So going through life, it's always reevaluating,
but you have to reevaluate transformation.
Instead of just saying, oh,
I'm gonna transform, I'm gonna get through this.
I'm gonna trauma heal or whatever.
You actually have to reassess it to know that you have, um,
that you have actually leveled up from there
and you're trying to level up within a lot.
So there's always personal transformation within
your creative expression.
Uh, and because it's,
because Scorpio also rules things
that are secretive and hidden.
You can have a lot of personality
and creative expression that you hide and you hide it deep
and in within layers
because you don't feel comfortable
that you can control who you are.
Others can, or you feel more importantly
that you're powerless in who you are
and that other people can control you all the time.
So you hide yourself
and you hide within yourself layers and layers.
And Pluto can all, can, well I won't go any deeper than
that, but you can feel that.
And that is your default mode that you can hide
who you really are from the world.
So this could be anything recreational.
We were talking about video games.
It could be, it could be
that you loved video games, you hid video games.
It could be that you really enjoy doing certain things,
but you hide those because you
feel like you don't have the power.
And if you, if other people know that somehow
that they can have power over you,
so you just kind of keep it to yourself.
Does that resonate?
Wow. There she is.
I'm floored. So the challenge for you is, you know,
and then for you, um, all of that stuff you kept secret,
and this is kind of goes back to the mystic circle.
I can talk freely here.
You have a semis sex style to Saturn.
So it's like, I can't, I can't do that for a job.
I can't do that for work.
And it comes down to beliefs
because it's ruled by Sagittarius.
So it's like you have all these really cool things,
especially where you take and remember actually I,
I can talk for, 'cause I know this, uh, the, the,
I don't know what you call 'em, but they're,
you're taking the, the clothing of deceased people, right?
Mm-Hmm. Yeah. And you're
doing something really cool with it.
Uh, but you feel like you either can't or shouldn't
or whatever because of the semis exile when in reality
it's really good for you in many ways.
It also squares off with the second house.
So when you align with that, um, in a sympathetic,
empathetic way so that it's not just coming off
as a business, but it's actually coming off as, you know,
this is my belief, this is how I feel.
This is good for, you know, expanding out,
especially the life of somebody celebrating
their life type of thing.
Um, it would be really good for you.
But that's, that's Pluto death.
Other and more importantly, other people's assets.
You're taking other people's clothing and making this thing
and look, that rine,
that Pluto retrograde rines right back up.
You're doing something different
and it trines right to your second house ruler.
So we know, we know in Mystic Circle
that you should be pursuing this
and you've been told so many times you should be pursuing
this, but you don't feel, uh, based off of just,
you know, culture, opinion, belief that
that should necessarily be a way you make money.
'cause it conflicts with money.
But when you align it with money
and allow it to be the business,
and you'll allow it to be a spiritual asset, then you will
be much better aligned with this so
that it's not about the money.
You're aligning with money, you're aligning with value,
you're aligning with life.
That's what Leo is, life and purpose.
So, you know, making the bears
and just making them to sell them is not your angle.
Building a business off of a bigger, a much bigger thing.
Expanding out on the variety
and using that as the way forward is, is how you do it.
Yeah, absolutely. It's a part of something.
I'm used to the eclipse to reevaluate all
of my decisions on that.
I love it. Especially since it's, it's pre
but conjunct your moon.
Mm-Hmm. Which is your ascendant ruler.
It's not, I don't think it's a, I mean, I don't know
how much I believe in fate and predestined things,
but energy does come around on a clock.
So it's not a, an accident
that you ended up in Mystic Circle
and you ended up sharing that
and we ended up talking about it, you know,
within the community, everybody who chimed in
and, um, you know, we're obviously here to be supportive of,
of you and your ventures.
And we're, we want you to align, we have to align with,
you know, the spiritual side of it
and everything you're doing, you're learning astrology,
you're learning terror and spirituality,
and then you have this other cool thing that you do.
And sex tiles are with energy, right?
So you have Pluto retrograde fifth House ruler,
and it's with Neptune, it's with the, uh, the ruler
of money, of your work of all that.
When it comes to philosophy
and teaching, coaching, consulting, storytelling.
I feel like the bears are an accompaniment.
We haven't talked about this, but I think there,
it's an accompaniment to someone's life story
that you would actually Mm-Hmm.
Attribute to it, to some, to be something bigger.
And it could also be something that you, that you send in
for events and you could have a humanitarian component
to it, but there's, there's clearly a business here as well.
Bigger than you think.
Yeah. I, I dunno how many times I've been told that.
Well, I think the time I start this,
Like I said, you hide it
and your natural, your natural default mode is
to hide it and to hide. Mm-Hmm.
Yeah. Um,
and your north node is in the 11th house in Taurus,
and your north node,
it's ruler in the ninth house are all in the public sphere.
And that's, you're not comfortable,
but it's where you're supposed to head.
Yeah. No, You'll, you, we'll help you, you'll get there
and if you don't want to, then you don't want to.
But, um, we want to align with your energies
and if you don't feel something's right,
we need to, you know, work with it.
But this is all showing here,
but it does show that there's a sense of powerlessness,
there's a sense of lack of control over your own ability.
Like what happens if you end up doing this? Mm.
And the thing is what's that?
Yeah. I think that the fear of losing my privacy,
Right. But it's not
you, you keep your privacy. Yeah.
You don't lose your privacy. You are contributing something
that, that you're good at and you dive deeper into.
Um, but yeah, it's,
you don't have to tell 'em how you did it.
No one has to get into your personal world.
But yeah, it, it's, it's something that is good for you.
Mm-Hmm. But it needs to, to be shared.
You have talents and I, I firmly believe that.
I know all of our energies are different,
but I firmly believe that while aligning with your energies,
we all have to share what we do on some level with,
with more than just ourselves.
Mm-Hmm. Otherwise, why,
like, why would you have a seventh house?
Why would you have an 11th house.
Why would you have a 10th house if other people
weren't meant to be involved?
Process it.
Yeah. I'm processing. Yeah. Process it. Yeah.
But it's there. And I see the roadblocks. I see the hurdles.
I see the obstacles. Mm-Hmm. Um,
but when you align it with the other purpose,
the other person, and there's a purpose to it, um, it will,
it will blossom into something
that you'll feel comfortable with,
Because that's, yeah.
I, that's what I'm working through now at the moment.
Yeah. And you feel comfortable.
It needs to be something that, that will align
with expansion.
Because at the end of the day, we all wanna be here and,
and fulfill a purpose that's personal.
And if you feel that your personal stuff being out there
is uncomfortable, then you know, which makes sense
by the way, because your north node
and your moon ruler are both Venus.
So it makes sense that just be for first, we need you
to be comfortable that your talents are unique.
Like that has to happen first. Mm-Hmm.
Your personal comfort before we talk about any bears
or building or anything like that, that your family,
your home situation, where you come from,
that it's different and your relationship
to your family is different and partnerships
and things of that nature, but also just
who you are is unique.
It's different. There's a weirdness.
But you gotta be, this is where I was talking
before, you gotta start be com becoming
comfortable with the weirdness.
Mm-Hmm. That's your north node and the 11th house.
That's your moon ruler sharing the same rulers,
your north node and the 11th house.
You don't, you don't need to worry about whether
or not you relate to people.
If you're also weird, you will find your people to relate to
by being that.
Does that make sense?
Yeah. An awful lot of sense.
Yeah. And Tanya says, embracing
who we are authentically circle is where it's at.
Yeah. This is what we want for you.
We want you to feel, I don't want you to feel uncomfortable,
but I, I do know that the north node there is uncomfort,
discomfort, whatever, not being comfortable,
it's out of our comfort zone.
But it's also, it's there in your chart for a reason.
We're supposed to emotionally make
that more comfortable for ourselves.
And as a kid that that north node, when you're a child,
aligns, it's, as we grow
that the north node becomes further away.
Like if you look at everyone, look at your north node
and look at its position.
And as a child, that position made sense.
Like early in life, you, that was a no brainer.
And then all the other houses kicked in life,
responsibility, bullies, friends, structure, family,
and then all of a sudden that seemed not right.
But we've always wanted to achieve that.
It's just we lose it. And now you have to regain it.
So as a kid, I would imagine you knew you were
different, right?
Mm-Hmm. And you probably didn't care as a kid. No. Yeah.
And then life happened, and then now you're sitting there
like, that's not comfortable for me anymore.
You go back to your default mode.
So, you know, we don't wanna lose yourself mode.
That's not the goal. We want to balance it.
We want to be able to use our strengths in our south. No.
We want to be able to know what we are comfortable with so
that we can step out
of our comfort zone in a comfortable way.
So whenever I hear somebody say, jump into your north node
and leave your south note, I'm like, no, no, don't do that.
Your south node where half your strengths are,
it comes off the moon.
You're trying to be someone you're not.
That's never gonna work out. We want to grow.
We want to emotionally evolve.
So, you know, and because you're north nos
and Taurus value in money, in your authenticity,
in your rebellion, in your uniqueness, in
expressing and remember it, oppose.
Here's one thing people don't talk about
with the 11th house, which I will in greater detail later.
It opposes the fifth house.
Remember we were talking about balance? Me, you
home, public, private, public, fourth, 10th house.
No one talks about the fifth and the 11th.
My creative endeavors, my creative personal expression,
my expression amongst everyone else.
My creative endeavors out there. That's the opposition.
It's being unique amongst everyone else.
Expressing yourself in a way that sets you apart.
That's what the 11th house is.
But everyone just talks about technology.
There's so much more to it.
I mean, even if, and then you get to the sixth
and the 12th, you're like, reality dreams.
Like you go back to the opposites.
But fifth and 11th is like, people don't, they,
they don't realize that
we're, we're talking about opposites.
We're talking about balancing. But
for you, that's what it is.
You've got all these creative
expressions that you keep to yourself.
You gotta learn how to find value in it, make money off
of it, and it's uncomfortable.
Yeah. Also balancing out, present and future.
A hundred percent. Yep. Yes. Silas.
'cause your fifth house is, is well,
your fifth house is your childhood, your inner child.
And the now purpose. 11th house is your future.
Share the wealth. Grow the wealth. That's true. Are we good?
Did we understand Pluto?
Are you good, Sharon?
I'm good. Thank you for that.
You're welcome. You okay? I'm good.
Okay. Just making sure. Um, does anybody,
we went through all the planets.
Does anybody have any other questions, uh,
before we close this out that I can address?
And you can hop on the mic as long as we don't all go.
I do Uhoh. Of course you do.
Yeah, me too. Later. Okay.
I just wanna make sure I understand this correctly. Okay.
Let me give you an example.
So my Pluto retrograde is in the second house.
Hold on. And let's let everybody look
in your I could do it in my head, but let's not.
I know. Okay. Pluto retrograde is second house 25.
Right. So since that's the ruler of Scorpio, does
that mean that I have retrograde energy on
those other two planets?
No. Okay. So this is how energy flow works. Okay.
So these planets are positively,
or not positively, that's a bad word.
Uh, in this context, they are naturally
or directly influencing your fourth house.
Okay. Okay. So when we break this down,
we'll essentially be saying, uh, your eighth hou,
your Chiron and your eighth house, and your, where'd it go?
Ninth Hou, early rising, your ninth House ruler.
So when it comes to, um, all of those eighth
and ninth house, Scorpio,
Sagittarian type of energies Mm-Hmm.
They're flowing directly.
It doesn't matter for now, what's happening in those houses,
just through rulership, they're flowing directly into your
sense of core self, your personal stuff, your personal life,
your family, you as a mother, all of that stuff.
Mm-Hmm. But you as a mother
and your family, you know, they're,
they're going streamlined in Mm-Hmm.
But you're the, when we take that
and understand how the family is Mm-Hmm.
And where it directs the energy
that ends up going retrograde in the second house.
Mm-Hmm. So all of this as family, you know, the,
the, uh, I'm not gonna break it all down.
We've done this a many times. Yeah. Yeah.
But all of this as family is direct. It's very obvious.
And that's it. And this is also, again, a vantage point.
We're talking about the fourth house. In the fourth house.
Mm-Hmm. Then when we talk about, well,
what does that affect?
Mm-Hmm. Well, all of that stuff is now affecting
because of all of this energy,
I felt like I had no control in myself.
Right. And my self worth. Okay.
Me as a mother, when it comes to worth,
but me as a mother, I'm diligent, I'm expansive.
I, you know, um, I had fears that I wasn't a good mother.
So that all fed in Mm-Hmm. 'cause kyron. Right, right.
That feeds in naturally all of that is true. Mm-Hmm.
And then we say, but then,
but as a mother, I wasn't sure, you know, if I was valuable
or if I, you know, and,
and then, you know, just to maintain
that maybe I held on a little too tight at times and then we
Yeah. Yeah. And
then we trace that again. Okay.
But it doesn't affect the fourth house. Okay.
It affects the fourth house where it goes.
Okay. Gotcha. All right. Thank you.
You're welcome. Uh, who was next?
Someone else had a question?
Silas, you had, you were gonna ask the same thing. Yeah.
This is the whole energy flow thing. I'm gonna, I
Think Renata did.
Okay. Renata, did you have a question still?
Yeah, I do. I'm not sure. Okay. Is it
Okay if I show your chart? Um,
Yeah, but I don't have anything retro.
Actually, I just have my Chiron,
but I, I wanted to ask, I felt some of them,
should I check if any
of my planners are in pre grade or post
Grade? Yeah. So
that's where this, um, where'd it go?
That's where this goes in. Right.
So we have you up, we go into progressions
and then we come down here.
They're still not, they're still not.
So some of the things that we said can also in some ways
come from aspects.
So like, okay, let's look at it real quick.
Which, which one did you feel like was really,
Uh, with the authorities?
Okay, so issue with authority
'cause Yeah, because I have an issue.
If somebody tells me to do something, I don't wanna do it.
I know I have to, but Yeah.
So I wanna take the something out.
But if you're gonna tell me to do it, I'm not gonna do it.
Yeah. So there's a couple
of things that are happening here.
The first thing is you have your Mercury in the 12th house
in Scorpio, conjunct Saturn.
So that's the reason why you do it,
even though you don't want to do it.
12th house and Scorpio is, is,
and it's ruler here is, uh, has to do with control and power
and things of that nature.
And sometimes feeling like there isn't any,
it's not really the release
and the need to reevaluate though.
So that part of like the Scorpio, that part of the Saturn,
it's not about you building structure.
It's not about it coming back on.
One thing about Saturn retrograde is you,
is a Saturn pers a person with Saturn.
Retrograde can take on other people's responsibility.
They can put more responsibility on themselves.
That is completely unnecessary.
They make things harder for themselves, naturally,
because they feel like they have to with you
that 10th house ruler,
because of the configuration in your chart.
Virgo is ruled by Mercury, but so is Gemini.
And guess where your Chiron is? Gemini.
So when we break it down, it's not so much the authority
as it is being told what to do
because the other person told you to do it.
So it's not that you naturally have a problem with
managers or management.
You just don't want them to tell you what to do.
Exactly. So it's has to do with the Chiron. Okay.
Okay. Yeah. And your Chiron is something you revisit.
It's your insecurities within
because of how communication needs to happen
and how you see it happening,
and how you feel insecure within those conversations.
So you feel unequal within a conversation.
So when someone tells you what to do,
it hits you on a wounded level where you feel like you,
because of your conjunction to Saturn,
you feel like you already know what to do.
You don't have to tell me.
Yes. Yeah. It's, it's, it plays out.
So, and this is why you can have somebody
who doesn't have retrogrades,
and the component that it would be missing
is taking on the additional responsibility.
Now, for you, again, a different side of
that is Saturn's in your first house.
So you automatically have that presence of authority.
And as, as you were young, you've kind of had
to have structure.
You've had to either be the authority,
likely be the authority, right?
Uh, yes. When you were younger.
So that's a difference between you and me.
See as, as a Mm-Hmm.
As a kid, I have a Saturn retrograde,
and I do not have an, I do not have any attorney
in anything in the first house.
I do have my 10th house ruler squaring my, my ascendant,
which adds a little bit of that.
I had to grow up quick because like I said
before, my, uh, my mother did drugs
and slept with people for money, and she would leave
and just abandon me.
And, and I would be there with my sister who was,
I was three and she was one.
And I had to take care of my sister and,
and all that kinda stuff.
And Venus as a Leo,
rising Venus is my third house ruler, my sibling.
And the square to the ascendant is, I, I had to do it
'cause the 10th house to the first, right.
But I also had no structure
and I didn't actually take on the responsibility.
I was forced into taking on the responsibility,
like pressured into it, because if I didn't, she would die.
Whereas with your energy, there's an element of some of
what I said can vibe a little bit
with the authority and things like that.
But it's, you didn't, you weren't devoid
of structure at home,
right on top.
Yes. Yes. But yeah,
for the most part it would've been there.
Sometimes you were expected to, to do things that
weren't really communicated clearly to you.
Right. All of the things. Yes. Yeah.
So, but that's different than me.
I was never told anything
and I wasn't expected anything either.
It's just that my mother wasn't there
and my sister would've not lived if I didn't step in
as a three-year-old, you know?
So it, it's a different, so like, that's,
that's a good example of you don't wanna be told what to do.
Um, the structure and how that works at home
and how the authority carries in
and the responsibility is natural in your first house.
Whereas a Saturn retrograde, the person
doesn't understand responsibility.
They're very devoid of responsibility.
They don't connect with it. So they take on extra
responsibility because they don't really know that that's,
that's all the goal is.
So a Saturn retrograde, it'd be like, give me
that too, and I'll take on that.
What are you doing? 'cause it's inverse. It works this way.
So instead of my authority going out, authority comes in.
Responsibility comes in.
So that's why I'm always doing s**t for people.
I can do that for you. I'll do that for you.
I can do that for you. I can teach that for you.
I can always,
and I've had a hard time
with my Saturn retrograde for that reason.
But I also learn how to do things in a way that is easier,
ironically, by taking on all the additional responsibility.
I do figure something out, out of it.
But it, it, it's, um, people with sound
and retrograde that you'll see 'em and, um, not always.
'cause sometimes it's a little hidden,
but they seem like they're worn down.
Seem like life really hit them.
And if you catch me in the wrong time, it looks like,
or the wrong life, it does the same thing.
Like, it can seem like life has really fricking smacked me.
And it's be, it's a lot
because we don't know what that authority is.
We don't know what that responsibility or achievement
or success or the finished product.
We don't know what that means. So we just
keep finishing the product.
Keep finishing. Like, it's not even about reworking.
It's like we just don't realize it's done.
Like Uranus is reworking it, Saturn's,
like we're still putting it together,
even though we already put it together.
What is all this extra s**t? That's the problem.
So, and your, the, your chart and your question's great,
because it shows how that can change.
Whereas you, you have a problem with authority
for a different reason, not
because you don't understand authority.
There's a weakness in the communication
and you see it differently.
And you know, that's something you'll have to learn
to express so that it can become your strength.
Because Chiron is your strength, but yours is hidden.
So no one else sees that.
That's the challenge too
with retrogrades, is people don't see it.
They don't understand that you don't under like a
Saturn retrograde, they don't understand.
You don't, what do you mean? You're always the authority.
You're always the boss. You're always taking
on the responsibility.
They don't see that. So like Chiron
for you retrograde in the seventh house,
they don't see your weakness.
They think, oh, when it comes to
how you perceive beauty, same thing.
What do you mean you don't think you're pretty,
when it comes to communication and,
and you, you feel like you can't communicate properly
with people to have a solid relationship with them.
And they're like, what are you talking about?
I understand everything you're saying. There's no problems.
You okay? Okay.
We wanna break these down to help.
We want you to feel strong.
I know I am. I'm sorry I'm crying a lot. You're
Good This days.
You're, you're good. Yes. But you are true.
Everybody's expecting everything from me. I can do. Yeah.
But thank you. This helps a lot.
You're welcome. We'll get you there. And it makes sense.
This is a release, this is
actually, the crying is a good thing.
You're, you're Chiron rulers in the 12th house
and the fact that it's in Scorpio
and you're letting it out is great.
Oh, trust me, I cry on daily basis.
I'm very like that I, I learned to cope my emotions
because, uh, as a kid I wasn't allowed to.
So as adult, I'm crying on camera.
I don't care if anybody sees me.
Yeah, I could see that. So I'm, I'm glad, I'm glad.
And talking about Chiron with, you know,
that obviously opens up the wound.
It's, it's challenging us facing our own
energies can be very challenging.
And, and being like, yeah. Yep.
That's, especially if you're talking about a weakness,
like it's easy to talk about the good stuff.
The weakness is the challenge
because the weakness is our strength.
But we don't know that until we highlight it and use it.
It's so amazing because, um, a lot
of people in my life are always saying
to me, you know, I'm perfect.
And I'm like always saying to them,
I'm not, what are you say?
What are you talking about?
Like, come on, you are so, you know,
you are the bravest, you're the strongest.
You're the like, no, I'm not.
So, and, and now I understand a lot more. So thank you.
You're welcome. Look at the chat.
You have big hugs, Renata. Lots of hearts.
You're doing amazing. Yeah, it's great. Keep it going.
Keep it going. Big
Hearts. Thank you. And I'm, and
I'm sorry I'm not so, um, uh,
involved in circle as much.
I, I, I have hard time connecting,
but when I connect, I do it deeply.
Uh, and my English is not so, so awesome.
But I will start posting and writing to all of you.
Yeah, that's, that's your Chiron. Just do it
as you Just be yourself.
Be yourself. You don't, there's no obligation.
There's no necessity.
Just as you want to just say a little something,
something, put a post.
If you want to respond, if you want to, you know,
we're all gonna be supportive.
So it's a safe place.
Thank you so much. I feel so good though.
I know that crying, uh, seems bad,
but I feel amazing, so thank you.
No, it's not bad. Crying's not bad.
I used to think that crying was terrible.
'cause I have my son opposite Neptune.
I used to think it was the worst thing in the world.
I used to, I used to, we talked about this with pop culture.
I, when I got into astrology long time ago, I, I hated Leo's
and I hated Pisces.
I didn't like drama and I didn't like, um,
crying and sensitivity.
And I'm the most dramatic sensitive person there is.
But I didn't see myself that way.
And, uh, ironically,
my chart ruler is opposite Neptune in the fifth house,
which is both of those energies.
And that was my opposition to it.
As a person, I don't like it.
And I've had to learn how to accept it. It's important.
All of these energies are important.
We need to be able to cry,
we need to be able to be emotional.
We need to be able to be processed.
We need to be able to be, uh, secretive.
When we need to be secretive.
We need to, you know, express our kinks
and our taboos with the right people.
Those are important. Doesn't matter what society says.
It's an energy. And we need to be able to be assertive.
One quick question. Am I secretive and open
because my mercury is in my 12th and first house?
Um, 'cause Or is
Open more open. You're
more open than you are secretive.
I am, but some
Your eighth house rule is in your first house.
Oh, okay. Yeah.
Your, your mercury in the things that you keep secret.
You have a, a more difficult time letting go
of relationships and letting go
of conversations that have happened.
That's the secretive part.
And that's the, that's the obsessive part that can happen
is you'll keep revisiting it.
Yeah. 'cause you're looking
for something that, that will last.
And you're having a hard time with it.
So you know, you can have a hard time when it doesn't last.
Like you feel like there was no point,
no value in it if it doesn't stay.
But that's, that's not true what I saw.
And it was an Avengers movie something, isn't it?
Was it, was it vision when he was killing? It was ultra.
It was getting rid of ultra, I don't know
how many y'all watch Marvel, but he was getting rid
of Ultron and he says yes,
but a thing isn't beautiful because it lasts.
And that, that that line in that movie hit me.
A thing isn't beautiful because it lasts.
It's a great that line Visions,
lines written in that movie are amazing.
That one in, in Civil War. I think they're great lines
And Kung fu Panda Great lines.
Kung fu Panda. Oh yeah.
We've been watching all four of 'em, like nonstop.
But there's some really stuff in there.
I was like, I just come from a panda, from Jack Black.
Amazing stuff.
Or um, or, uh, Aquafina
the one where she's in it, she's the little, uh,
I didn't watch that.
Okay. I have to watch that.
Yeah, that was a great moon.
There's beauty in the experience. Yeah. We miss that.
We tend to miss that.
I wanted to say, uh, Sharon. Yeah.
Uh, um, Logan is healing us, all of us since the beginning.
And Tanya, I hope, um, you feel, um, um,
secure enough to cry in front of the people
because crying is not weakness.
It's a strength because showing emotions
is being very powerful.
Just try to remember that.
Yep. Coming from the person with cancer in the eighth.
I love it. I love it. And it makes sense. Um, are we good?
Are we good? I'm gonna end the recording on this.
Are we good with the, with everything here?
No more questions. I will close it out. Alright.
You guys can hang out if you want. I'm gonna close this out.
Thank you so much for being here on the,
oh God, what do we call it?
Natal retrograde optimization, uh, webinar.
I hope you guys are able to look at your own charts
and when you look at other people's charts,
have a better idea of how these retrogrades play out.
And more importantly, be able to assess the pros
and cons so that you can say, okay, well this is
how this works, is
that we will always work progressions aside.
Uh, so we need to work with this.
So when you're dealing with a client, you're talking
to your family members, you're looking at your own chart,
you're like, okay, this does not act direct.
So I have to understand that it acts this way.
And once I align with that, I will become powerful
and things will work much better for me.
All right guys, I'm gonna end the recording now.