Taming & Embracing Black Moon Lilith WebinarTaming & Embracing Black Moon Lilith Webinar:




Welcome to the Taming and Embracing Black Moon Lilith webinar.


We are going to be talking about something that isn't Black Moon Lilith, like Saturns.


No, I'm kidding. We're gonna talk about Black Moon Lilith.


Let's talk about this point.


Um, a lot of people don't use this astrological point.


They just dismiss it. And in my opinion, along with Chiron, I think this is one of the most important points in your chart because it, it doesn't share the exact thing.


It really doesn't share any of the themes of Chiron unless it's linked to it.


But it shares a very similar presence in your chart, I think, where it creates these limitations of keeping you down, keeping you repressed, keeping you, um, from doing things that would be organically true to yourself.


And when we don't use it, or we ignore it, or we don't understand it, or if we let it manifest in its normal, you know, um, what do you call it?


Potential state rather than kinetic, which would be you inter interjecting your free will.


When we let it manifest in its normal state, we don't feel very connected to, uh, things that feel true to us.


And we feel like we're just kind of going through the motions of things.


We end up in nine to five.


So we don't wanna be in, we end up in a relationship taking abuse from people, and it becomes a toxic thing or a codependency thing.


We don't stand up or advocate for ourselves, and we feel like we're not allowed to.


So that's one of the main things that Black Moon loath can, um, uh, can express itself out.


Now, black Moon Lilith itself has three different versions.


There's one called Mean Black Moon loath, which in a chart, let's use, uh, my natal chart and not my progress chart, and not my relocated chart.


We don't need Astrocartography, although Astrocartography would be really important for a Lilith line.


That's before we started this, we were chatting a bit about Astrocartography.


There's no Lilith line.


I, I would want to know where Lilith is in relation to everything else, because you know, in your natal chart, it's gonna be there.


If you live in your hometown, it's gonna stay.


But if you're moving to somewhere else and you know how to embrace Lilith, wonderful.


But if it creates an aspect to one of your vitality anchors, the ascendant descendant, uh, midheaven and sub heaven, this is the first time I've ever called it that, but I've actually renamed it to the sub heaven.


You'll see it in my book. Um, these points are extremely important just for clarity.


I used to call it the nadir.


The I see the, uh, I colia or however you say it in Latin.


I used to call it the Nadir because I heard other people call it the nadir.


And then the more and more I've gotten into the astronomy of it, I realized then na Dear is something else.


It is not the midheaven or it's not the ic.


It's usually not the same point unless you're on the equator.


So therefore, I had to come up with a new name for it.


So it's now called the Sub Heaven.


Anyway, uh, as you're looking into astrocartography, you want to know if you're Lilith is aspecting, uh, those vitality anchors, because that's how you're gonna show up in the world.


And that's what those vitality anchors are.


It's what keeps us connected to the earth in very real principles.


Everything else is just kind of details and nuance.


So one of the things here, uh, you'll have in an astrology chart.


I know I'm bouncing around just 'cause I didn't, I didn't put any bullet points in astrology chart.


When you are pulling all this together, I have a bunch of things here in the manual entry.


You don't have to have all these things.


I I play around with different ones.


But H 13 is Osculating Lilith. This is true Lilith.


This is the one that you should have in here so that you make sure that you have that entered.


And you can see it on your chart. Over here.


You'll see Lilith, uh, mean Lilith as you're putting this.


And we're using astro.com.


For those of you who don't know, you have the Preap EPIs, which is interpolated, and we have Lilith, which is interpolated.


We don't want either of these two because an interpolated Lilith or an interpretated preap EPIs, which is something I'll talk about in a whole different webinar.


'cause it's a whole different concept. These two are basically averages between osculating and mean.


And it's, I haven't found any validity for these, so I don't use them.


Uh, mean is already here, but osculating is not, interpolated is not the same.


That's a very different thing. So, like I said, H 13, make sure you have that there.


So when you show the chart, you, you will see LILO.


So you'll look for that in your chart, and that is going to be your true lith.


There are three versions, two versions, and then one can have two conditions.


So osculating or mean mean means average, right?


It it doesn't mean mean, however, it does mean mean.


It does mean mean. So it's, it, it, the word MEAN is, because it's the average, it has to do with the smooth route of, um, of the moon in its orbit around the Earth.


And it gives us a very non-specific, but averaged out, rounded, uh, point that is the average focal area of Lilith.


And obviously, as you, as I continue on, I'll explain how all this actually manifests.


Osculating Lilith says, oh, well, the moon's orbit doesn't actually go in just a straight line.


It does this crap and then does this crap because everything out there is being tugged on by the earth, by the sun, by Jupiter, by the moon itself.


And all of that kind of tugging and pulling creates orbit paths that are not smooth.


So the, the Osculating Lilith factors in all of that gravitational pull to give you very precise positioning of where Lilith truly is if you factor everything else.


Whereas the other one is more of an average, like just, this is the trajectory, and at this time it should be their kind of mathematical equation.


As you'll notice in my chart, this is mean Lilith, you know, this is the, this is the symbol we usually see when we see people talk about Lilith.


This is usually the one they're talking about.


Very rarely do people talk about osculating lith, which is ironic because it's actually more important in my opinion.


So this average one right here in my chart sits actually in two different houses because it's relatively far away, it's almost 12 degrees away from each other.


So, which means the average and the actual fluctuation of orbit was in a pretty great disparity to, to calculate each one of those.


For some of you, you're not gonna see that.


You're gonna see them much closer together because here's the average and here's the osculating, and this is what it's doing.


So some of you guys are hitting it when it's right there or nearby, and then some of you hitting it more on the extremes.


So you wanna look for both.


For me, what this means is that how true Lilith expresses itself is going to be in one area of life, and how mean Lilith expresses itself is somewhat in the other area of life.


Now, we know that at 29 degrees right here, this is in the fusion cusp area.


So this actually blends from the fifth house into the sixth.


We're gonna have another webinar for fusion cusp area specifically coming up, because I know that that's a confusing term for a lot of people.


How is that different from orbit of influence?


How is that different from rulership and how does that actually merge the energy?


So I'm gonna do that in a way where I can visually represent it for you guys rather than just verbally to help you with that.


But we'll talk a little bit about it here, uh, and then kind of move that forward.


Angie says, mine are eight degrees apart, same house. Okay?


So that's important within energy flow.


Um, when we talk about it, we're gonna talk about which one's first, which one's second.


Remember, in alchemistic astrology, order of planets, the exact placement, the way the energy flows in terms of zoia, or it's, you know, whether it's applying or separating, which one came first, which one has to be resolved, which one's causing the friction?


Super important stuff.


So in Angie's chart, we would say, which one's first?


Is it osculating or is it mean Lilith mean Lilith is mean, like it is not angry mean, but it's mean and like kind of a bully.


Because this is the, my favorite part is I love astronomy.


I love how the astronomy connects back into the astrology.


I love how I haven't taught you yet, but we've talked a little bit about a mystic circle, the astronomical doctrine of signatures.


Love it. Because you start realizing that this isn't just about archetypes and, you know, symbology or whatever.


This is like holy crap. You actually look at the planet.


Uranus is not only almost not quite upside down, but over a 90 degree, um, tilt on its axis, but it's also the closest to the ecliptic than any other planet.


And you start thinking about what does that mean?


And you start realizing, holy crap.


No wonder it's mechanics.


It's breaking down the systems and looking at it a different way, which is why it's upside down.


But the fact that it's so close to the ecliptic means that the relationship of the earth of the sun, Uranus is the most close to it.


And that's why Aquarians are distanced and detached, but understand everything.


That's why Aquarius energy understands stuff that is real.


It's also how Virgo, uh, is a Queen Cox from the sixth house energy into the 11th house.


It brings reality and practicality and everything into mechanics.


So it's fun stuff like that because people will say, oh, aqua and energy is so detached from real world and real life.


It's like, no, it's the other way around.


They're detached from all the crap because they understand how something works and they don't put their energy into something if it's not practical, pragmatic, or something they feel like has a mechanical structure to it.


Obviously without the rest of the chart, without the rest of the energies, that creates a very empty person.


But we, you know, they're very grounded.


So we are is first the lesser degree or the one closest to the next house at the higher first would be the lesser degree of the two.


If they're in the same house, it'd be the lesser degree.


It's the one that comes first going counterclockwise or ally in iCal order.


Okay, so this is a graphical, um, interesting that it's coming from her because this girl is like the worst astrology ever.


So she put this picture, I didn't even realize it was her.


I bought this girl's book. She does, she does very, very pop astrology for Bumble the dating app.


And, uh, I bought her book 'cause the title was like, oh, cool.


And then I, I read like the first 10 pages.


I was like, oh my God, this is terrible.


This is worse than like, what are those tabloids? Whatever.


Anyway, let's go to the point that matters.


Let's get rid of her name. Um, this is the, uh, this is the Earth and this is the moon.


And the moon is in an ellipse or an ellipse, or however you wanna say it.


It's in an elliptical orbit around the earth.


Now Venus has Venus going around the sun has a almost circular orbit, almost everything else has a, uh, an elliptical orbit.


Now, this is gonna, for some of you, it's going to bring, um, bring up new questions that are going to extend from this into all planets, and we'll see how many of you guys catch onto that.


But the moon basically goes around the earth and it's based off of the gravitational pull of the sun.


Jupiter. Those two are very important.


Uh, and then the earth and the moon itself.


So this elliptical orbit through the geometry of an elliptical pattern has to have a second focal point, not as an actual gravitational pool, but something that is basically geometrically symmetrical within the pattern to create the mechanics of an ellipses.


So basically what's happening is as the moon comes over to the lunar perge, which means it's the closest it's gonna get to the Earth, it's when you look outside, it's huge.


The moon is ginormous in the sky, that's the perge.


And then when it comes all the way back around, and it comes over to the opposite side, which will be, you know, in, obviously in the opposite zodiac sign as well, uh, it is at its apogee, which is the furthest away, peri means closer, which is like periscope and then apogee.


There's a million different things that have ap that mean further away.


So this is when, when you look up in the sky, the moon is super tiny and you feel like you don't feel it's influenced, but you also feel something weird from it when the moon is very tiny.


Next time you see the moon tiny in the sky, pay attention to how you're feeling because it's, you're gonna feel a little bit of a disconnect from reality from your job, from things that are going on.


You're gonna feel this, like this type of pull of an energy, and that is because it's creating.


And then you'll look at the actual chart to see where that Lilith is sitting, but it's creating that lilith placement, uh, at the time.


But it's this, this point right here, which is equidistant.


If the earth to the moon when it hits perge is going to be equidistant from the apogee to where the earth would have been based off of the geometry, uh, of this, this is called empty focus.


The other, the other name for black moon Lilith Osculating is true lunar apogee, true lunar apogee.


Tanya. Wouldn't the way the planet's orbit the sun affect the orbs within a chart?


See, I knew these questions were coming that we haven't proven or that I haven't proven, but I believe that, so it's one of those shelved theories that I'm still testing.


I'm still trying to figure out, uh, a couple of things.


Velocity is usually consistent, so I don't have to worry about that.


But empty focus for other orbit patterns is one thing that I've thought of, and it's like, how do I figure this out?


And then, um, uh, just relative distance, uh, is an important one as well.


Also, well, we don't really have to worry about this, but the strength and effect of an opposition versus a conjunction is a conjunction.


We talked about this a second earlier.


Is a conjunction stronger than an opposition?


That, that question is a hard one because are you taking two planets that are in line?


Let's say they're conjunct out in outer space and one is feeding in through the next one.


It's all coming from the same direction.


Is that amplifying or is that just doubling from the same point?


Does it feel amplified or does it feel like two mixing into one at each one's energetic frequency?


So you're still feeling two, I hope I'm explaining this okay, you're still feeling two planets.


The question is, is it amplifying or is it still a sum of two?


One plus one is two just from the same place.


And then you have the opposition where one's coming from this way, another one's coming from this way.


I still, one plus one is just hitting from two different sides.


To me, they're the same amount of energy.


I don't see an amplification because you would need something to be the catalyst for amplification.


But other people believe that it is, that's more of a, what's the word I'm looking for?


Rhetorical question right now until we sit down and figure it out.


But the way that my standpoint is right now is that oppositions are no less impactful than a, than a conjunction.


And because they're coming from opposite directions, it makes it more impactful to me because you are, it's harder to align those energies.


I also want to take this quick moment.


I'll be teaching this as well. Oppositions are not a pull.


There's a lot of, um, a lot of definitions of oppositions that say, oh, it's a tug of war.


It's a push and pull.


The, the planets are never pulling you unless they're in retrograde.


So the idea of an opposition being a a, a tug of war isn't true.


What it is, is I'm focused on this thing, whatever this is, let's say it's Mars and Venus.


So Mars is hitting, or let's say Mars and Saturn because you'll feel that more Mars and Saturn in opposition, I'm paying attention to, to Mars.


And Saturn's hitting me on the back of the head.


So I turn around, I'm like, what?


And Mars is smacking me in the back of the head.


If they were together, I would just fend them both off or use both of them, talk to both of 'em at the same time.


But I'm bouncing like this when instead I should just be pulling them to me because the energies are coming at me anyway, pulling 'em to me and saying, what, tell me what, tell me, let's talk this out.


Which is the balance. So the idea that one is pulling you in another direction and oscillating back and forth, that's not that the planets are doing that, that's your focus is doing that.


I'm paying attention to this one.


I'm not, I'm ignoring this one, not paying attention to this one.


So therefore I, it's still affecting me.


It's still hitting me, but I'm not using the energy.


So therefore it's detracting. That's what the opposition is.


You love the visual explanation.


Um, anyway, back to mission.


It's like having multiple kids who need something at the same time.


Yes, if you're a parent, you get this Yes, a hundred percent and they're not standing in front of you next to each other.


You can take that visual.


One of them's from the living room, the other one's from whatever room's on the other side.


You're in the kitchen in the middle, assuming your house is laid out like that, and you are bouncing like this.


Whereas if you just pull both of them, put 'em in front of you.


What, what do you want? What do you want? What do you want?


What do you want? And I'm dealing with both of 'em at the same time.


He did that one in my reading space in much sense.


I like the visuals. I think it's, I I believe it's helpful too.


Um, okay, so back to this.


We have the perge, we have the apogee.


We're not gonna talk about this and Selena and all that kind of energy.


We'll save this for another one.


This, when the moon is over here in the perge, things feel very grounded and connected.


Like things make sense in the realm and the scope of what's going on.


Whenever it's over in the apogee, things don't make any sense because it has no tie to the correlation.


The focus point is not the earth, it's outside of the earth.


And it creates this black moon area, which is the empty focus.


Now, alchemistic astrology, we call this the invisible mirror.


And the reason we do that is because this energy, this line, which is a geometric line, it's a mathematical, um, fixation.


It's not derived on the earth, but the moon does revolve around the earth.


So when we calculate a point geometrically speaking off of the moon, we have to reflect it back onto the earth.


But we're coming from a place that is not earthly.


It is not grounded.


It has nothing to do with anything we're trying to do in the world.


It is something that is completely distanced from all, all mankind, all humanity and all things that are earth-like.


Which means, I used to say a long time ago, if you, if you want to use Lilith properly, you have to let her out of the cage, but not let her off of the leash.


Now, if you let her off of the leash, you think about the moon being further away.


There's this moment in a pattern like this, in an elliptical orbit here, where you have to imagine if the, if the moon had feelings and the moon was a person and it was sitting there and it had to keep going in orbit around as a satellite around the earth.


And it's getting to the furthest point.


It's like there's this feeling of I could just let go right now.


I could let go and I could drift off into the ether of space and I would have no responsibility.


I would have no connection to anybody.


I would have nothing that would require me to do anything.


I would not have to come back and rejoin the earth.


However, we know what actually happens is that that empty focus pulls us back in the earth.


Technically not the empty focus 'cause there's no gravitational pull there, but the earth and everything else pulls us back in.


So the moon rejoins and becomes closer to the earth until we hit the perge.


And then the cycle continues over and over and over.


So basically you have to look at it this way.


Both mean and osculating, Lilith are gonna manifest in two different ways.


I'm gonna get to that in a second. But you have this point that both internally, which is mean, Lilith and osculating, or true lilith, which is outward Lilith, that you have this opportunity to say, I could say f it all and leave.


And then the invisible mirror comes in and says, will that be in my best interest if I leave and I have no connection to anyone or anything, is that really good for me?


And the answer is no. 'cause you'd be miserable and just have nothing.


'cause you'd have the endless void of space and maybe you'd run into Saturn, maybe you'd make friends, but probably not because there's more space than there is other planets.


Okay? So we have to keep that in mind.


So this is the invisible mirror because it's a reflective property of earth.


And you have to letter out of the cage, meaning we have to start embracing what this is, which I'll tell you in a minute.


And we have to make sure that we don't go so far as to alienate all other people, alienate society, alienate ourselves from reality.


We still have to find a way to use all of our energies and not lith by herself to do the things we need to do, to take care of the things we need to take care of and to live a happy life that we wanna live.


Now, when you come back to a chart, mean Lilith is an internalized, remember it's an average of these energies.


So this energy is, is internal.


It's more consistent and it's thematic. You feel it inside.


Other people don't know anything about this one.


Other people don't know why you feel guilt, why you feel shame, why you feel isolated, why you feel like you can't do certain things, why you feel like certain things are not allowed.


They don't know that Only you know this.


And if you pay attention to lith in your chart, mean lilith, there's nobody really telling you for the most part that you can't do something or that you shouldn't do something.


It's more of our instinctual response to the, the actual real world that the things that we want and the things that we need that they don't align with everybody else, it doesn't align with the things that we've learned.


These are things that have absolutely what feels like, um, zero tethering to the real world that we're trying to tether.


But since it's so deep down and themes of re of rebellion, themes of oppression, themes of independence, rejecting social norms, and I don't care attitude, uh, I'm gonna do it my way.


I really want this, I really need this.


Fight or flight survival.


All of these themes are enveloped in Lilith.


When it's mean, Lilith, it's internalized, it's repressed.


And lilith also has to do with repression.


So what ends up happening with mean loath is we have these desires, we have these needs, we have these, um, feelings of security that are required for us that doesn't make any sense with the rest of the world.


Doesn't make any sense with what we were taught.


And it's derived off of our early upbringing, or it shows, I should say.


'cause you're born with this energy.


So it shows during your early upbringing, shows with your relationship with your mother and your family, and it creates this empty focus that you feel like you're not allowed to because it's so disconnected with the earth.


So therefore you repress this further and you say, oh, society won't understand.


I'm not allowed to do this.


This isn't the way that I was brought up.


This isn't the way that my family would understand me.


You know, the way that I've always supposed to be doing things is not this, it is this.


So therefore I'm going to reject this.


And you're going to feel othered.


You're gonna feel outcasted in this area.


And it's not in a Uranian way.


Uranium is an active detachment of things because you're, you're outwardly and intentionally real world rebellious.


Remember I talked earlier about how Uranus being on, its, its, uh, axial tilt being so far past 90 degrees that it's seeing things nearly upside down from a different perspective, so on and so forth.


But it's so close to the ecliptic, it's the planet the most close to the ecliptic that it makes it very real.


But Black Moon Lilith, while it shares a couple of those themes, sort of, it doesn't feel real at all.


It feels obscure. It feels like we have just endless issues in this area because we're not allowed to do these things.


But if you actually pay attention to mean Lilith, nobody told you that you weren't allowed to do this.


Nobody said that. Nobody said you can't do this.


It's just that when you express yourself in that way, you get a reaction from other people.


And it's not, sometimes it's verbal, but it's usually not, it's usually a feeling because black Moon Lilith is derived off of the moon.


So all the themes of home house security, being able to live somewhere, not being able to live somewhere.


Leaving the house for me was difficult.


It was difficult for me to say, I'm going to leave.


Every single time I left, I moved to Texas.


I moved back, I moved to New York, I moved back, I moved to Virginia, I moved back, moved to North Carolina, moved back Florida, moved back.


The only time I didn't was my Saturn return.


And I, I took a a look at this.


You can go to planetary ingress and returns on Astros seq.


You can actually pull up, uh, your Lilith.


Now, true Lilith returns happen in clusters.


So basically because it's so erratically going back and forth and adjusting, you're gonna see a return then, uh, then a re then a retrograde return, then a return and a retrograde return.


You're just gonna keep seeing it. You're gonna see probably like 10 of them.


And then you won't see it again for nine years because the orbit cycle of Lilith is 8.85 years, or almost nine years.


So we have a Lilith return almost every nine years.


And these Lilith returns are important, especially that last one because that last one is gonna last you for those nine years.


And you have to understand when it comes to, and, and you look at the mean one and you look at the, um, the osculating one, because one is inward and one is outward.


Right now we're talking about the inward one.


But when you look at the energy, this has to do with the, the things that you really want and need on an internal level.


But you feel guilty about it, you feel shame about it.


And ultimately Lilith represents in both forms, radical self-acceptance.


The problem is that we are so trained and indoctrinated by social norms, conventional upbringing, all of these things that happen in the world, how other people do it, that nobody allows other people to be themselves.


And the radical self-acceptance means true self.


This is really you. Where's your lith? That's you.


When you're building a business.


Your Lilith is what you're supposed to focus on when you're undertaking an endeavor, when you're a parent, when you do things in life, the work that you're gonna do, all of these things, where's your Lilith?


It is the most important thing outside of the ascendant for your career.


It literally tells you who you are, how you're gonna do it, and what's important to you.


And everyone ignores it.


And we are taught to, because it's, it has to do with where we feel oppressed, where we feel rejected, even if that rejection is not real, which is right here, empty focus.


It's not real. This is real. This is not real.


However, we have to have a little bit of craziness.


We have to have a little bit of not real in our lives because it makes us true to ourselves.


So when we're looking at these placements, here's a good way that this manifested.


You can see my son sitting at 21 degrees.


You can see that it's the ruler of my ascendant, which means taking action based off of children.


This is just one way that's played out.


And then over here, it's an opposition to Neptune at 21 degrees to 25 degrees.


And then the orb of influence of Neptune envelops, not only the vertex, which we'll talk about at some other point, once I figure out exactly what it is, because what they keep saying doesn't work.


But Lilith. And one of the things that had happened in my life is after my divorce, I ended up leaving my child, my oldest child, because I ended up leaving there.


Now my ex-wife was keeping my kid from me.


I wasn't seeing her.


So I made the decision to go after something where I felt like I had purpose is literally the reason why I left.


I felt like there was something more for me.


There was some sort of purpose in my life and I didn't know what it was.


But I had always not gone. And I always returned home.


I always felt like I wasn't allowed.


But this moment, this catalyst in my life allowed me to actually leave.


And as a result, I feel guilty.


I feel guilty, I feel shame because I abandoned my child because I haven't been true to, and I would've felt the other way had I not been true to myself.


I would've felt the same thing.


This is how it's gonna naturally manifest.


Now my child is 17 years old now, and over the last, I don't know, seven to eight years of us doing spirituality and all kinds of stuff, and her being enveloped in tarot with us and whatever, she's pulled cards and held one.


I remember she held one up a couple of years ago, try not to be emotional with this.


She held one up. It was an Oracle card, and it said, um, you have nothing to be guilty about, is literally what the card said.


And, uh, like, I broke down because, and then I, I was like, yeah, I don't know about that.


She looked at the card 'cause she just pulled it randomly, just using intuition.


She looked at the card, she's like, you have nothing.


She doubled down on it. But I feel guilty.


And this is an example of other people in your life are not actually thank you, Sharon.


Angie, um, other people in your life are not making you feel that way.


You are making, sorry, you're making yourself feel that way.


But had I not done it, had I not left, I would've been miserable.


I would've felt like I had no purpose.


I wouldn't have, um, been able to achieve anything.


And I wouldn't have been able to build an empire that now if my kid needs anything, I can give it to her.


So the catch 22 is we feel shame.


We feel guilt because any other person would be like, why did you leave your kid?


Why did you, why weren't you there?


And they'll judge me as a father, right?


It's, it's right on the 29 degree judgment right here, status quo, judgment structure.


But I already know, I've, I've ran this scenario two and a half million times in my head.


What would've I, what would've happened to my life had I stayed?


And how much worse off would my daughter have been as a result of me being there and not having the distance required to heal?


And that's right here too, is all the trauma.


That's the eighth house ruler.


All the trauma that I had to process.


And the distance here that led into the ic conjunct Jupiter in retrograde and Scorpio.


I didn't go through any transformation unless I would've left.


It would've just, instead of transformation, it just would've been further repression, further anger, further rage.


It would've been tumultuous. It would've been bad.


And my daughter would've experienced that.


So in this case, I didn't know anything about astrology, but my whole life, I've always felt guilty also about the fact I was a white rapper.


I know this is random.


'cause these days it's like everybody's a white rapper, it seems like.


But back when I was doing music, there was only one.


And he just came out.


Eminem had just come out and, you know, this energy here.


I went to a demo and uh, uh, or an expo rather and have my demo with me.


Um, I got to meet 42 record executives from all the different ones.


Arista, Def Jam, all of them.


And, uh, we were only supposed to talk to eight of them, but me being rebellious, I would like walk away from them before they could sign the paper to prove that I already had seen them.


So I would go out and I would, I got through all but one, I saw every single one of them except one.


And I remember Def Jam and, um, Interscope.


I remember getting there and I walked up and my music was nothing like his, but, um, they turned it on.


They turned, because this is back when you had CDs, uh, Walkman, CD Walkman had it loaded up and you basically, you had to load it up, hit play, and then they had to put their headphones in into the Jack and they would listen.


And I remember those two, I got like six seconds into them playing and said, we already have a white boy rapper.


We don't need you. And I actually felt bad about it.


I felt like that was not, I wasn't allowed.


And eventually I pursued music for a couple more years.


But from that point on, I just kind of like rec recruited myself.


I oppressed myself. I stopped making my own music.


I made a couple of things, but I, and I kind of just gave up on music in general, which is right here.


'cause I used to be relentless.


I was with five independent record labels, you know, you know, um, each one ended up not being a good thing for me.


But I ended up doing all those.


I set up a tour from New York down to Virginia, my own tour.


I was supposed to open up for Brian McKnight.


And then that concert got canceled.


Like there was a lot in my life, if anybody remembers Brian McKnight.


And I was like, oh my god, Brian McKnight.


And uh, you know, I, I abandoned those things because I felt like I wasn't good enough to do those things.


You remember him. And that's this energy here.


And even when I moved to Florida, I abandoned all the things that were important to me because I, I was, and my, in this case, my ex-wife made it very abundantly clear.


I support you, but I don't want you to do any of it.


So it made me feel like, you know, there was nothing real for it.


So I abandoned music for that same exact reason.


Fast forward to Hollywood.


So I come out here, I live in my car for two years.


We can talk about that in another thing to show where that would be in the chart.


But I ended up, um, while I was homeless, I ended up meeting the sky.


He did, uh, fetish content, but he didn't tell me that upfront.


And, uh, I met him off a Craigslist post, met him at a Starbucks.


And the advertisement was a, a male villain for a female superhero series.


So I was like, cool, I'm down.


I showed up, I was like, yeah, I can do that.


I can act, I do film work. I'm also a stunt coordinator.


And um, you know, and at the time I was doing stuff for like, I was a stunt coordinator for Pretty Little Liars.


I was doing obviously background work to keep myself going, but I was also doing Stand-in Work.


I was a stand-in for like Steven Tyler for a bunch of people.


And, um, but I took this because I needed the money.


And when I got on set, it was an odd experience, but I was like, that's weird.


Nobody got naked, nobody did anything sexual. This is crazy.


And then I started learning what it was.


I was like, oh, it's just, it's just fight scenes between girls and leotards, but nothing weird.


It's just literally mortal Kom but real, like take Katana for Mortal Kombat where she's in a leotard and she's fighting and Johnny Cage does a split punch.


Like that's it. That's all it is.


And uh, so I started doing it, but because I ended up doing that and it was working really well for me and I felt liberated because I had no rules, nobody governing me.


I had no pg r pg 13, no status.


I had nothing that I had to do.


It was just, I do what I want.


And I felt extremely liberated, but I felt shame for it at the time.


I don't anymore. I don't care. But at the time, for a long time I did care because I'm like, I'm trying to also be a director in Hollywood and they're not gonna accept me or they're not gonna like let me on their set if I'm also shooting this type of content.


So I tried to repress it and hide it and whatever.


And the irony is the, I had several film production company businesses and the one that did that content was how I made all my money.


The other stuff I did, I ended up getting like gypped out of stuff.


I didn't get paid for it or I didn't get any sort of recognition.


I did, I worked for Sony, I worked through somebody for Sony and put it that way, Sony Latin group, right?


Music. And I was, I did, um, not just direction, but I did, I directed a bunch of, uh, of music videos for them.


Didn't get credit one time and half the time had to fight for my pay for it.


Yet I come over here and I make this and I feel shame and guilt.


Like I shouldn't be doing this or whatever.


Meanwhile, my best friend's like, you're gonna do porn when you get to la.


And I'm like, shut up. No, I'm not.


And then, you know, it ends up happening.


But I'm not only, not only did I make a lot of money, I had a great time and I had, I always felt liberated.


I felt free. I used to comment to my buddies while we were making it, 'cause there's no nudity.


We were just doing whatever we want. Eventually I ended up down that road.


But when we were first doing it for like the first year and a half, it was just was what it was.


So I was like, it's, I, and we used to comment and be like, isn't this great?


We can literally make up any idea, make up any rules.


We could be like in the middle of it, be like, Hey, you know, um, Cherie, uh, Cherie, go pick up that trash can and throw it at that girl.


We'll film it, which is whatever we wanted to do, it didn't matter.


And, uh, anyway, once I started embracing it and I just said, screw it, especially after the night shadow stuff, that business had kind of like hit a dip.


'cause we haven't filmed anything in eight years.


I embraced it, started advertising it again and went right back up.


So we went from something that was making millions down into six figures that on the low end, back into the mid high six figures on something I haven't done in eight coming up on nine years.


So the point of it is, other people are going to judge.


There's a lot of people who be like, oh my God, you did that.


Oh my God. Especially religious types, especially people like, they wouldn't do it themselves, but they don't feel tolerant to other people.


It's that kind of thing. And like I said, I've also had to do this balancing act between the opposition to my son.


And this, we feel repressed, we feel unable, we feel guilty, we feel like we're not allowed to do certain things in this area.


But at the end of the day, while society exists and we have rules and we have standards and we have traditions and we have religions and we have family and we have all these things, who is to say you can't do X, Y, Z in your life.


And more importantly, why are you telling yourself you can't do this based off of what you think other people think you shouldn't do?


'cause that's really how mean Lilith plays out.


You tell yourself you can't do it because you think other people think you can't do it.


That's mean Lilith.


So we have to embrace that, that on an undertone because that's what mean.


Lilith is on an undertone.


There are certain aspects of ourselves that reject society.


We reject oppression. We don't want to be like you.


And it's not even that I am trying to be different.


That's Uranian energy. It's that I just want to be me.


I like this. I feel good doing this.


This makes me feel safe.


Mean Lilith in the conditioning wound. Yeah.


Yeah, it definitely plays out that way.


But it plays beyond that too because we'll look at society, there's a lot of people who wanna get into the healing arts, but because of, you know, any factor depending on how it sits in their chart, they feel like it's not okay if they do it.


Now, I also want to explain that lith in any sort of relationship with your son or for me in the fifth house also means I feel very guilty When I'm happy.


It's hard for me to be happy because other people aren't happy and they don't like that I'm happy and I see it.


So I feel like maybe I shouldn't be happy either.


So it makes me want to express myself in a way.


It's like, no, no, no, I'm not, I'm not happy.


I've been through a lot of hardship in my life, but somehow I've always managed to find a way to find happiness and find purpose.


Until recently it was interesting because I got into astrology and all of that went away.


I went into spirituality, all of that went away.


And it's because also this conjunction, how many times you heard me say I'm not spiritual, it's right here.


It's also this, the semis, sextile from here to here.


But it's this, it is this mean Lilith.


I'm not spiritual because how I see spirituality is nothing like what other people see it.


And it's not that I'm trying to be different, I just don't agree.


And I think that it all comes down to my belief systems.


It all comes again, it comes down to happiness.


I have witnessed people who are spiritual and the majority of them put on a happy face, but they're not truly happy.


And I, I see that and that's my lith.


It is, it is that intuition.


It is that that not the spiritual intuition because unless it's connected to, to Neptune or like mine is, or connected to the 12th house or it's ruler, it's not about spirituality.


It's about that gut feeling.


It's about that primal instinct where you, you gut feeling something on a very deep, visceral level, something you can't explain.


So there's a lot of gut feelings come from, oh, I have this gut feeling because this person did this, or they're acting like this.


Then there's lith that says, I have this gut feeling from something that's not attached to anything you've said or done.


Just something I know. I know, I know it and I don't know why I know it, but I do.


And it's always right.


And that's not intuition on a spiritual level, that's actually lith because you have this primal, raw, untamed energy that is very deep and visceral and it sits, you know, within your core.


And for me, it has to do with the father not knowing my father, another son opposition, Neptune conjunct.


Loath makes me feel like I'm weird. Like I'm different.


Like I, who doesn't know their father, even if you had a bad relationship with your father, even if you were adopted, you'll at least usually know the father's name.


I don't even know his name. I don't know who he is.


I don't know his name. And it could have been 10 different dudes.


Who knows. I'll never know because they said if it's this guy, he's dead.


But we don't know who it's, and I'll never find out.


And my birth mother lied.


You know, that one thing that I used astrology to figure out is when I figured out that Jupiter in the fourth house, when you read it and the definition always says, oh, you have a big family.


And I was like, no, I didn't.


It was me, my half-sister, my half mother and my birth mother.


And then it was a foster family.


And then that was a come and go situation.


There was never like 50 of us.


It was, you know, a certain amount of people, but they came and went all the time.


So I had a lot of them, but never at once.


And then when I was adopted, it was a, um, very small kind of nuclear family where I was an only child, which was weird for me.


It went back to an only child.


And I didn't really connect to any of my family much.


Just a handful of them. And that was it.


So every time I read that, when I was learning astrology, Jupiter and fourth house means you have a huge family and you had such a peaceful upbringing.


I was like, I had bullets and rocks flying through my window pretty frequently.


Uh, best friends with cockroaches, not really.


The upbringing I think is is abundant and lucky.


So I'm looking at this and then I started realizing, oh, it's in retrograde.


Oh, it's in Scorpio. Oh, that's in the third house.


And this, I was 37 years old when I figured that part out.


And I went back to look for my father and I found an entire family of people I didn't know.


And I connected through them, through cousins, which is the third house.


So I found cousins and one cousin would introduce me to another cousin.


And then I realized there's a huge family.


I'm still not close with them, but I, I made, I made friends, so to speak with some of the cousins, but I don't talk to 'em that much.


But it was really cool to kind of figure that out using the astrology.


But again, not knowing my father, anything that has to do with film, anything that has to do with the, you know, not being with my kid.


All this stuff is shame.


And for me, it leads into my work.


Like I said, Hollywood film here, I went to go live a better life.


I went to go find purpose and do something different.


When I, when I divorced and went across the country, quote unquote leaving my kid for work, I was trying to go either do music or do whatever and it was, find something else for me to do something that was better, something that I could achieve.


And all of that, by the way, comes over here to Libras Energy in the third house in retrograde.


So that's, this is the divorce during the Saturn return and all of that.


Okay, so that's mean Lilith.


Then you have Osculating, lith, osculating, lith.


This is the one you feel the most and you don't realize it.


And we, on the live before we recorded this, we were talking about, there are a couple of you guys, uh, I, you know, Carly was one, was it Tanya?


Is the other one that you guys have your osculating Lilith at 11 degrees right here it is in my chart.


And, and uh, this was something that I had a hard time because like everybody else, like I said, all almost nobody uses this.


Yours is at 10. Okay?


So you feel things at seven degrees up to 10, sometimes up to 13.


We, since nobody was using this, I didn't know that this was a, uh, an important point, uh, in my chart, right?


So I was thinking that it was something to do with this, like some sort of midpoint between this energy.


I was like, I know that every time the moon hits eight degrees clockwork, every single time I'm agitated.


Every single time something agitates me, what the hell's going on?


So for two months I would document it every single, every two and a half days it's gonna hit that degree.


And I kept going every two and a half days, every two and a half days.


And it would hit and every single time.


And then I'm starting to think the aspects are not aligning with this house.


And then I started thinking more and more, I'm like, they're aligning with this house, but I'm like, I only have my south no there and I have Juno and retrograde.


There's no reason for eight degrees.


And then I'm like, am I off?


Is the moon actually like, you know, six degrees?


And I'm like, there's no way I'm that far off.


And why wouldn't it be doing that for everything in the chart?


It's always been three. It's always been three.


And I was like, I already figured that out.


Let's go to something else.


And I'm looking, looking, looking.


And I don't know how it happened, but randomly I ended up coming across this Lilith.


I don't know if I saw it somewhere or I don't remember how it happened to be honest, but I plugged it in the H 13.


Um, or it might've been 'cause I was looking into this one.


Oh, I do remember I was looking into this one and somebody mentioned the asteroid.


They mentioned the asteroid Lilith, which I don't use, but there's another one that's called Lilith.


And then when I was looking at that, this thing popped up and I was like, what the hell is that?


And I looked into this and I was like, wait a minute, right at eight, eight and a half, little over eight degrees, which is this, this is when everything always kicks in.


And uh, that kind of put me down this road like this is important because when the moon comes around, aspects Pluto, yes, I understand how that feels when it aspects Saturn, I know how that feels when aspects my sun, I know how that feels.


This is different when it aspects this Lilith point.


It is, it is like, it's not Pluto like rage boiling up from the under the surface.


It's like very quick like fu energy that comes out and I'm sitting like, it's weird.


And then I'm like, is it me?


Is there something else in my chart that's just making me reactionary like this where it's like these people are really bugging me.


And then I'm like, what is it that's actually triggering me?


And it's usually criticism, it's usually some sort of criticism or some sort of like telling me I'm wrong about something.


That's what it is. And I'm like, that's my sixth house in Capricorn.


And then I realized it was Lilith.


So Osculating Lilith again is the orbit path, you know, does this kind stuff, does this, does this, whatever, right?


It's not a smooth path.


So it's, it is a very acute, very direct outward corrected pinpoint calculation that is yeah, A WTF energy a hundred Yeah.


Is exactly what it is. Like, are you serious?


And it triggers that like raw, emotional, visceral response that feels like, ah, maybe I shouldn't have said that kind of energy.


Um, and when you let it in, and you guys have seen me let it in before because I'm not always great at taming it, which is why I was like, I think I should talk about this because I have had to work on this and it's not easy, but there's a positive in it.


So we we're gonna talk about the negatives first.


So you'll see this feeling of, you know, just un not even untamed, but uncensored, like no filter.


It's the no filter zone.


And the no filter comes at yours at 11 degrees too, Sharon.


So like, we are all experiencing, so when we're on TikTok live and you guys are all like at nine degrees and somebody comes on and all of us are having the get the f outta here vibe, it's because we all have Lilith in the same degree.


It's affecting us a little bit differently, but we're all like, what the hell?


And then it it, the reaction is very raw, very visceral, like I said there.


Yeah, exactly. No filter. And there is no filter.


And this can get you into trouble.


Lilith can get you into trouble.


However, there's an unmatched and unparalleled, not me though, 23 degrees.


Yeah. Silas is like, why are you so angry right now?


Why are you so upset? Why is this getting to you?


I don't get it. And then, you know, a day, a day and a half later, Silas is like, I don't know, I'm just doing whatever.


I'm fine. We, um, I wanna see Silas little with placement, but we, um, you know, we respond this way because it is, it is very much a, like I said, it's a, a, um, the rejecting of social norms, but it's also the rejecting of society because society is coming at you.


You're feeling some sort of like you because Lilith is so raw.


It's like, um, it's like an a, a raw nerve or an exposed nerve.


And that's what ends up happening is that exposed nerve gets hit and you react just like, you know, a bee sting, bee stings you, you swat the bee and you kill the bee or wasp or whatever.


We don't kill bees. We like bees, but wasps, right?


Get 'em outta here. Um, so that's kind of like the reaction is we felt the sting.


And I had it this morning because I, I was, I was like, okay, we're on TikTok live.


I already know there's drama going on.


I know there's craziness, we've made certain decisions, but the moon's at eight degrees right now and the benefit is that it was at eight degrees Leo.


So it's sitting over here, which means it's Quin K's my Lilith, which means it's feeding in naturally.


I'm not necessarily focusing on it, but my actions and what I'm talking about and all that is feeding into Lilith.


And I was a, I don't know if you notice, but I was actively taming Lilith to prove my point to be able to do this webinar.


And it was, I saw somebody come up, my internal reaction, which wanted to come out when I blocked somebody who came up and said some dumb stuff on TikTok live was f this person.


Like, I wanna say it. You've seen me say it 'cause that's it.


You saw it, Angie, you saw me tame it.


I just said, hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm I felt it.


I wanted to react, but I didn't.


But instead what I did is I claim my power.


I claim my power and the thing that they criticized me on, I turned into a lesson, like not a lesson to prove them wrong or show anything against them.


I just made that the next thing I'm gonna talk about.


And from there we ended up talking about some pretty cool stuff, which I think that's when I might be, timeline might be off, but I think that's what led me into talking Aboutum.


And then from there I realized, yeah, you saw me pause.


Um, that led us into, into me realizing that, oh, we need to do a stallion class.


So the benefit was there and the power was there and it was down to details.


It was down to, you know, what was going on.


And I noticed there was like a 50 50 of whether or not you guys know how to read a stallion, which isn't on you.


I put that on me, I put that on me because like I said, and I went back and explained it.


When I created the Foundation's masterclass, I thought, this is all I'm teaching.


Bye-bye. And then, you know, here I am continuously teaching it.


So, um, yeah, that was meant to be, you missed the last half.


Yeah, I made that. Then you gave amazing satellite examples and benefited your students.


Oh, I was gonna say, yeah, stallions. I have two stallions.


I don't understand. Yeah, we will get to that.


We will get to that. You guys will know all this stuff.


And then mystic, all of our mystic rebels will rule the world.


Um, okay, so that's that visceral energy.


So that's Osculating lith, but it's about liberation.


It's about allowing yourself when it's used properly, and remember out of the cage, not off of the leash.


It is about saying, I identified, I mentioned this on a circle live yesterday.


I'm gonna say it again for anybody who's watching this, you could be the best astrologer in the world.


And I'm not claiming that's me, by the way.


You could be the best one.


You can know all the stuff, but if you don't look at it and you don't use it and you don't apply it, none of it matters because you can't fight these planets.


These planets are going to push you around and they're going to influence you.


They're gonna oppress their energy upon you.


And unless you say, no, I'm gonna stand in my power.


I'm gonna exert my free will.


I'm gonna work with you planet, but I'm not gonna let you tell me what to do.


If you don't do that actively, then you're human.


I mean, you're still human when you do, but you're just a human.


That's, that's interacting and, and letting everything just kind of, you know, go and flow.


A lot of us think we have free will.


We think we made choices.


There is an illusion of free will that's in there.


A lot of times we think we've made choices.


And I always tell you, if I'm able to guess what you did by looking at your chart, you didn't actually exert free will.


Now if you were able to do something different.


And it does happen every once in a while.


If you gotta list telling plants, listen b***h, are we doing this now?


Uh, yes Tanya, if you are, if if I'm doing a reading for you or someone else, another alchemistic astrologer doing a reading and it's within the same energy, but it's not the expected outcome, that's free will.


So as you guys are looking at the transits, as you guys are using the energy, obviously I'm gonna teach you all this stuff, but as we're moving forward and you're taking what you do know and you're applying it, the question is always going to be, are you using this energy intentionally or are you think you're using the energy, but it's really the energy as it's coming.


The moon is sitting here, it's giving you these themes, I'm doing these themes.


Well, that's not you doing free will, that's just you going with the energy.


So we want to take that level up.


We wanna take that next step to be able to apply.


So, um, rebellion, all that kind of stuff.


We also feel very rebellious in this area.


So aside from the examples I gave, mine is also conjunct myself, node, my default is to rebel.


My default is fight or flight. My default is survival.


Lilith is your survival mode.


It is the thing that tells you, I shouldn't be here, I shouldn't be doing this.


This is more your gut feeling than your moon placement.


We always look to the moon for the instincts, the maternal instincts.


But your Lilith placement is actually osculating specifically is actually your fight or flight to protect yourself, reactionary within your interactions with the world.


So for me, I criticize at everything. I look at everything.


I know my surroundings at all times. Why?


Because my Lilith is conjunct south node.


It's in Capricorn and that is in my third house, retrograde.


I walk into every single place I'm at, not knowing the place I case the joint, so to speak.


I'm like, no, no, I need to know my exits.


And this isn't a, I'm not afraid, but I want to be informed.


You don't see fear in here. I don't wanna be afraid.


I wanna be informed. So therefore I know my exits.


I know all the people are here.


I don't sit with my back to anybody.


It is very much like I have to be in a position of authority in a very real world scenario.


If I'm sitting over there and I look at the leg of that chair and it's, it's like too close to the, the leg of the table.


I move the chair, I move the table.


Because if somebody comes in fight or flight and I need to leave or the place is on fire, I don't wanna get trapped.


And that's also this energy.


The trapped energy is that Scorpio energy that's in here.


So that's how it plays out for me.


So you'll notice that when it's like fight or flight, survival instincts, feeling super safe.


Also just your your safety based.


And this can go both ways 'cause this can turn into fear and things that are irrational.


But it can be your safety that is based off of nothing.


I feel safe. I don't feel safe.


And when you look around, there's no reason, but there's some sort of very deep disconnect could happen.


Raw energy that is telling you something's not right or something is right.


I really feel safe here. Why do you feel so safe here?


You don't know any of the people.


You haven't talked to anybody, you've never been here.


Just do, just feel safe.


I like, it matches my energy, makes me feel liberated.


I feel safe in circle. That's, that's everything to us.


We want you guys to feel safe, Tanya.


S**t, this is my passive aggressive, trying to gain authority energy, right?


So the question is, when you're looking at this, when it plays out in a negative way, here's a negative way that this plays out all the time.


For me, my go-to, especially since this conjunct south node, my go-to is anytime anyone says or does anything, I criticize the s**t out of it.


It's what I do. I criticize everything.


And sometimes I have to often bite my tongue because I'm like, mm.


Especially when it comes to words. I am a grammar Nazi.


I'm a grammar Nazi. I hate bad grammar. I hate it.


And that ruler's going to the third house of words.


I also like pretty words.


I don't like when people use the same word all the time.


Change it up, make something different.


Gimme something that's pretty, make it flow.


My daughter and my best friend, one of them is 42 years old, the other is 17, and they text the same.


And it bothers me. YOUR deacon Sharon, thank you.


Triggered. It's also your triggers.


But yeah, deacon, oh god, it it, it just does this to me.


I'm like, mm. Because I know the etymology of it.


I know the history of it.


And that's why when you, when you hear me talk about alchemistic, astrology, what do I talk about all the time, all the other systems and where they came from and how they were derived.


Because to me, the details of all of that is relevant.


And I know that a lot of other people don't care, but I care, I care greatly says the person who says, as it pertains to in every reading, do I say that as it pertains to, but that's the eloquence as it pertains to.


That's, that's the eloquence that I like.


But yeah, I do like it to change up and uh, you know, little bit of hypocrisy.


I'm sure every single person in this planet is hypocritical on something.


And I know that with, with a lot of my energies too, especially with the retrograde energies.


Oh, you know, the hardest thing.


I often say something, you shouldn't eat sugar.


And literally an hour later I'm like, oh, I want a donut.


Want a donut? Uh, Pamela, do you have something to say?


I apologize. I'm trying to switch from my phone to my pc 'cause my power came back on and I can't figure out how to mute my mic, so I'm just sorry.


It should be in the bottom. Be in the bottom. Like if you, I know it usually is, Oh, you know what I can do? You know what I can do? I Think I did.


She got it. I was like, I can mute it for you.


Have the authority. Little, um, how do you say icy again?


Oh, sub heaven. Oh, it it, mm Colleen try and trigger me again.


I wanna say it's mm coli, but we just say sub heaven because sub heaven makes a lot more sense.


If you're midheaven, you have your sub heaven.


Um, but exactly, there it is.


So, so there's Lilith.


Um, but the important part is to embrace it, right?


Both of these, the first one to embrace with mean Lilith is, and I'm gonna get to the retrograde in a second, but the first thing with mean Lilith is to say, why do I feel guilty about this?


Why do I feel shameful about this?


Is there actually shame here? Or is this something I needed?


And that's the question you have to ask yourself when it comes to that is, why am I allowing this to, to play out where I can't be me?


Because I'm supposed to be like everybody else.


Lilith, even in the mythology, which I usually throw out the mythology because it's usually so obscure and it kind of detracts from the astrology.


Even, even if you take Lilith as a story, she was not subservient it under no condition was she not going to be special or at least equal because there's an element of that as well.


Um, so she was like, in, instead of feeling oppressed, I'm going to feel liberated.


I'll go out and do my own thing.


The problem with her, she went so far into that, that if you follow the, the mythology a little too far, she gets crazy and, and becomes a nut job.


And Lilith is our crazy. That's the other thing.


You love the Lilith backstory. It's a great backstory.


Some of it doesn't apply to the, the astrology, but it, it's fun.


The Lilith in your chart is crazy.


Are you crazy enough to believe what you are doing?


Are you crazy enough to do the things that you want to do?


Or are you ashamed?


And you, you make yourself small in this world, osculating, retrograde Lilith is everything that Osculating Lilith is, but redirected back on yourself.


So instead of getting upset at other people, the frustration comes up and then you redirect that back at yourself.


I'm mad at myself. I should have done this.


Why didn't I do this? That's what the retrograde comes in.


That's very difficult.


However, what it does for you positively, it allows you to reflect on these things.


What makes you special? What makes you different?


What makes you, what do you really need in terms of, you know, security, in terms of your deep inner wants?


How do you pull in other people who are going to, especially if you're building a business, but even if you're just friends, how do I pull in other people who are crazy too, not total nut jobs, but they're crazy enough to do the thing that I'm saying?


And this is where compartmentalization or the understanding, not, not necessarily that word, but the understanding that there are niches and subsets of people that have certain energies that you're going to attract.


And when you have Lilith and it's osculating and it's retrograde, you don't wanna allow other people's frustrations to come in on you.


So you can literally get upset at something somebody else is getting upset at.


And then you feel that viscerally you have to be careful with that lith, retrograde.


'cause you're pulling in energy that's not yours.


So you have to protect yourselves a little bit more.


However, when it's something that somebody truly has needs, wants, and passions and desires for, how do you allow that to be something that you work and rework?


How do you use that to attract that type of energy?


Not real energy, which means if you're so Amy, I know you're trying to build something that's extravagant, at least extravagant in the way of, um, kind of hasn't been done, not on any level that I know of anyway.


And um, there's, there's an element of just like, I want to do it.


I don't really care. It, it's very much of, uh, an internalized energy.


Like you have to bring people into your, your crazy place, your, your disconnected illusion, so to speak.


And you have to bring them in and you have to connect those people into what you're doing so that they feel that same type of raw, visceral energy as well, depending on how that sits in your chart, usually after.


Okay, so there you go. So elektra, it's also reflective.


So Lilith energy is like, I wish I would have type of energy.


It's like this happened, I wanted to react, but I didn't.


I held it in. And then you reflect on it, and then you reflect on it, and then you reflect on it, and then you reflect on it.


So what can end up happening is you can make yourself sick and you have to be very careful that you don't, because you end up revisiting the same things that are not, that you feel like is, you know, things that are not, um, like there's no justice, like there's no independence.


There's no liberation and freedom like you feel oppressed.


Sometimes you can feel that for other people.


A lot of people who are like social activists will have a, a lilith that's in retrograde because you're literally taking other people's feelings of oppression, feelings of not being able to be themselves type of energy.


And you're taking it on as your own.


Now obviously we've seen how badly that can be, um, uh, expressed in society because it can create these social justice warriors that are not authentic.


It's not you, you're trying to speak on behalf of somebody that's not you.


And while you could align yourself with a cause, a lot of times those people are taking on the causes though it, it, you know, happened to them or they somehow afflicted themselves.


But they can be very reflective and they could be a part of a movement if they want it to be.


But they have to remember that that power is internalized and it's, it's, um, revisited using it positively.


Um, so some of those ways I already said using it positively.


Um, also realizing that with Lilith in retrograde, you can't find what's safe.


You have to make what's safe.


And this is one of those retrograde things is if Jupiter's retro, if Jupiter's naturally you go find opportunity.


If Jupiter is retrograde or not direct retrograde, you have to make opportunity or find opportunity within opportunity.


So if you have Lilith and Osculating, Lilith retrograde, then you don't have the same energy that says, I'm gonna go somewhere and it's going to be safe.


I'm going to go somewhere and with while I'm there, I'm gonna go find my safe space in there.


So a good example of this is I go to a club.


Let's say you went to a nightclub, you would not likely go into the center of the dance floor because you wouldn't feel safe there.


You would go off to the side where the tables are, depending on how it sits in your chart.


And you would hang out there. You're still part of it.


You're still in the fringe, you're dancing, you're having a good time, you're living your life, you know, devoid of responsibility, liberated and free internally.


But you are on that fringe area.


You're not a part of that because that doesn't feel safe.


I'm in the same space, but I'm over here.


I've created my little safe zone over here.


My true and mean Lilith are within two degrees of each other.


So they are conjunct Jen, opposite my moon. Never saw that.


It is fun, it's fun.


When you see these new things, you start seeing the new aspects as well.


My Lilith is retrograde, but my mean isn't. Is that normal?


Yes. Mean Lilith cannot be retrograde because it's an average of a forward motion.


So your mean Lilith will never be retrograde.


Uh, Amy, I create my safe zone for sure.


Yeah, and you have to, so there's, there's pros and cons with that because you can also, um, not to give away what you're doing right, but the project that you're creating offers that opportunity that we were talking about.


Um, but again, this is your true self guys.


Your, your Lilith placement specifically your, your osculating Lilith on an outward present, uh, energy, your reactionary energy, that visceral, untamed, even your raw sexual energy comes from this in the things that you want and need.


So not sex itself, not intimacy itself, but the things that makes you feel comfortable and safe within that type of sphere.


Um, you know, that type of energy will manifest itself.


So when you look at it, um, so here's a, here's a good for instance.


So I have my lith, it's conjunct south node.


It's in, um, Capricorn, right in the sixth house.


All of that goes to my third house that's hitting, sitting here.


If a girl says the wrong thing, I'm out. I'm out.


If you say some weird stuff, I'm out. I'm done.


Like, I don't wanna be here. I don't care how pretty you are, I'm out.


I'm gone. And that's how it always was for me.


And it's, it's just, I don't feel safe and comfortable within an, within a, a connection to somebody who can't communicate.


It's also the ones that couldn't talk.


I'm like, this isn't gonna work for me.


Like, in order for me to do any of this stuff, you gotta speak.


Like we gotta have something ongoing here.


Otherwise, like, I may as well stay at home with a pillow or something.


I don't know, whatever people do.


So apply that also.


So, and this kind of gets into lenses, right?


You start talking about how does Lilith apply for career?


How does it apply for, and this was another thing is like, in order to kind of create, um, my buddies and I would do this, and I would do this for other employees.


Some of them didn't like this, so we didn't do it then, but we did for other people who were like-minded is when I was working as an employee.


My last job was Verizon.


I worked there for a little over three years in the last location I worked at.


I got to work with a lot of my buddies.


And what we did is we created this kind of system, so to speak, where when we were selling things, we would bring each other in on the sale.


So it's literally this energy right here, this lith energy, because you, you don't do that like nobody else does that, most people don't like to do that.


But it was actually my idea.


And uh, I started talking to my buddy Devar.


I was like, let's do this. And then I had another buddy named Royal and we were like, let's, let's, let's try it.


'cause it's, it's like that's not normal.


It's like I get sales queue, I work on commission, I take them, I sell them stuff, I get paid.


That's the way it works. And that's how salespeople are.


If, if you've ever been a salesperson or you know, salespeople, a lot of times that's the way they operate.


Don't step on my s**t, don't talk to my customer.


And where I was like, wouldn't we all make more money if like, in the middle of you selling something, I co-signed on it and I added to your sale.


Like, like we would do stuff, like they would sell something and I'd be like, Hey man, don't forget the bundle on that thing.


You know, give them the extra car charger and give 'em the 10 bucks off.


Like, I would say that kind of stuff.


And then he'd be like, oh yeah, let me grab that.


And the customer would just go with it.


And it made us a lot of money.


It literally added three or $4,000 a month to our commission sales.


So you're talking about 50 grand a year just added off of that thing that we made that one change.


And that Lilith was like, I don't really care if corporate doesn't like it.


Also, you've heard me say the story that, um, there was something called a sales walk.


And I said, no, I'm not doing that because customers don't want that.


Nobody wants to be sold to.


So my lith came out and as it pertained to authority, and I challenged my authority and they, they were not happy about it.


And I said, I don't really care what you say, I'm one of your top performing sales reps.


I don't have a problem here. You keep making us do this s**t that doesn't work.


Excuse me, all this stuff that doesn't work and it's affecting our commission.


I'm not doing this. And I would do my own way and I would sell my own way.


And my manager would be like, how are you making these numbers?


I said, because I sell, like I do my job. What do you want?


He's like, well, how come, what are you doing that's wrong?


What the f**k you mean? What am I doing is wrong?


Are there any returns? Are there any complaints?


Are there no, why are you bugging me?


And, uh, the Lilith would come out very much like I just sounded get off my back dude.


And it would come out very visceral, especially was that 15 some odd years ago where I was much more of a raw nerve.


And, uh, eventually all the, the managers all the way up to the regional all came into the small little office to be like, you need to do the sales walk.


And I was like, okay, here's what's gonna happen, Tammy.


You are gonna go out there and you're gonna sell and you're gonna use your sales walk.


I'm gonna take the next customer, we'll see who does it better.


And of course I won.


And then, then they eliminated the sales walk.


But you see, this is where your raw visceral power comes in, is maybe being adverse and confrontational about it, which I kind of was.


'cause I was just getting, it was getting on my nerves.


And that's what Lilith does is people getting on your nerves because they're not letting you just be free, be whatever.


So you, you agitate and you react.


But through authority, through my work and through communication, through sales and literally what I, what I deemed as fair, I, and I didn't have astrology back then.


I didn't even know it played out that way.


But what I deemed as fair was you take one, I take one and it's fair because I'm not, I'm not even looking at the queue to see what they're here for.


And, uh, right after that they got rid of the sales walk, which means you can affect change, you can do things.


Lilith is very much like it is the core of you.


It's what makes you special beyond your Chiron.


And it's what allows you to do something that is liberating and free for yourself that can cha that can do all kinds of things in this world.


With it being in retrograde, you can't push back in the same way.


When you do push back in the same way, it feels like they try to agitate you more.


That's the challenge with a, a Lilith retrograde is you have to approach it differently.


So being, instead of being outwardly projective about it, you kind of have to bring them in on your frustration.


So you could do the same thing, but you have to be a bit more reflective.


You have to kind of take things from the past, like rework things, show cycles and say, look, this is what's going on.


You keep saying this, this come, come to my world for a second.


Look at this. And you have to like, you can't react.


You have to, you know, bring them in. But you could do that.


Yeah. This is how I, this is how I feel.


Or, you know, just let you know exactly, this is how I feel.


Let's just leave it at that. Uh, when this, this comes up internally or with my husband where I feel safe expressing and fascinating stuff.


It's, it's every facet of life. Super important stuff.


But again, it's survival instinct.


So it's gonna be your natural gut reaction to things on a very emotional level.


It makes sense. I've been doing that in my job, but ain't nothing happening.


You've been doing the bring them to you and it's not, and nothing's changing, or you've been doing the outward version because if you do the outward version, you're gonna get mad at yourself.


You've been bringing them to you and you're, and it's still not doing anything.


You have to realize that Lilith is also that place that feels oppressed.


So we'd have to work with the rest of the energies to actually make the change that's required.


Because it, a lot of it has to do with safety as well, and feeling safe in those kinds of energies as well.


And that Lilith is, is reflective energy.


So it's like sometimes for a, and this is a challenge too.


Sometimes for a Lilith retrograde, something has to happen.


You don't get to preemptively say anything.


And that's very frustrating. Like something has to happen.


And then you have to see, look, see what I said?


And it's like, you gotta go back and, you know, you have to prove yourself in a different way.


Or we have to use Lilith osculating, Lilith retrograde in a different way with how it sits in your chart.


Because you can't just lash out that nobody listens to that.


You have to actually bring it in. I get that.


I'm always like, told you so. Exactly.


And, and that type of energy is like, and then of course they don't like that.


But then you have to remind them, you said this, this happened.


I told you so you said this, this happened.


I told you so start listening to me, coming to my world kind of energy.


But again, lith is out there.


It's really hard to get people to bring, to bring people in on your world until it's shocking.


That's the other thing about Lilith, it's a shock value.


It's always gonna be a shock value.


And then you have to look at how it sits in your chart.


Okay, are there any other questions before we look at some examples?


Did I explain everything so that it makes sense?


Internal thematic, mean, lilith, guilt, shame, whatnot, external oscillating, Lilith, real world things that you're reacting to.


Very acute, very snappy.


Um, and all of it has to do with how we feel deep down that is disconnected from earth itself.


That is the empty, it is the, the invisible mirror, the reflective property.


So what we have to do to fix a lot of it is to say, how does this, how does this way I'm feeling apply back into my situation.


That's the, that's the challenge with both of them is to do the reflective work.


So Lilith is also, you know, the deeper shadow work, the stuff that makes us feel disconnected from the world in general to understand why.


But we won. We don't wanna get lost in shadow work.


We don't get, want to get lost in understanding, uh, to a point where we feel like we're fixing.


We want get to a point where we say, how can we use, how can we take these feelings and these, um, these natural raw desires.


How can we take them and reflect those back into our marriage, into our work, into our children and parenting, into our creative endeavors, our own business?


How can we take this thing that's so important to us and apply it back in?


I will always highlight the details and the practicality.


Practicality. The only system that works.


The only system that works is my thing.


It's my go-to. It's my sales strategy.


It will always be that way because I truly believe it.


Because I don't care how many people tell me all their systems of astrology work, I already did them.


They didn't work. This works. I know it.


I know what I know type of energy.


And it's the thing you want to know.


I want it to be practical.


When I got into astrology, I wanted it to be practical.


When I do anything, when I, I, you guys have heard me say when I got to Hollywood, first thing I said, when I got onto set, this is highly inefficient.


That was the first thing I said. I loved it, loved it.


But I criticize everything. Again, criticizing too much.


Like, like when somebody's like, I was running and I was looking over there at the ball and I turned the corner, I hit, I ran into something.


Why'd you, why were you looking over there?


That's the first thing. Not, are you okay?


Not like, were you having fun? What were you playing?


Did you cut yourself? What the hell were you looking over there for?


That's it. And those are the, those are the things where you have to kind of curb that a little bit.


Because like I said, while it's liberating and while it's very natural and it's our, I don't care about the rest of it, I care about this type of energy, it can detract us and detach us from society.


Now when you have it in the different houses, and at some point we'll have to go through all the houses to understand it.


Each one of those is going to create, um, specifically this one can create kind of like Chiron can, can create feelings of overcompensation while also shutting down.


Chiron makes us overcompensate so that we can prove we can do something and other people love us and accept us.


Lilith does it to kind of show the world that they're wrong.


But we have to remember that this Lilith placement doesn't mean everybody else is wrong.


It means that nobody, that this is something special for you.


Which is a hard one, is a hard one, especially for me because sixth house, third house is all about logic and practicality and things actually being correct and true and right.


And I, you know, I try to apply it and understand, like when we talk about spirituality, the first thing I say with spirituality is like, I can't prove spirituality, but that's my Lilith doesn't affect spirituality.


My Lilith affects things that are real to me. It's not real.


Six houses real. It's not sitting in my 12th house.


You have Lilith in the 12th house.


Now we've got some crazy, crazy stuff going on that has to do with spirituality, music, being able to do music that other people wouldn't accept.


Things of that nature. Uh, my true lith opposes my Chiron.


Alright, that's a tough one.


Uh, I a stallion or not because it's close Af what might not be Criticism is a little thing or just for you being in the sixth house.


Uh, well, it's a combination of it.


When I overdo the criticism, it's definitely a little thing.


Or when I react in a criticism, mines conjunct myself. Node.


Also remember that the south node and Lilith, um, are all mathematical points off of the moon itself, which would should explain my childhood.


So the the way that your mother reacted to you and the raw, visceral parts of your mother and your family are also expressed in Lilith Lilith, okay, true Lilith in 12th house cancer spirituality is my jam, but blocked it most of my life.


Exactly. It's your jam because, and the way that you see it and what you know about it and how you feel and maybe downloads and all that kind of stuff, no one else gets it but you, okay, so doesn't seem like we have real questions.


So let us, um, let us go to the first example.


Who's first?


Okay. Okay, we've got a bunch. We got a bunch.


Alright, um, Jen, I'm gonna start with Jen.


I'm gonna come to Carly. You know, I won't, I won't forget you.


Carly, let's go to Jen's chart real quick.


'cause Carly, we, we kind of know a little bit about yours.


We're gonna come back. I started typing your name.


See, I can share your chart.


Yes. All right.


Now we're not gonna go through a bunch, we're gonna go through four or five so that this doesn't end up being a 12 hour session.


But we wanna see a couple of things in here.


So, um, so here, okay, so you have a conjunction between these two.


'cause they have a three degree orb of influence based off of the moon, and they are, um, they're conjunct.


But your your mean, lilith happens first.


So this is where energy flow is very important in here.


Also, there's a conjunction, very loose, but still there conjunction with the moon itself.


So when it comes to motherhood, especially things of that you have to do on a daily grind, um, when it has to do with routine dishes, duties, uh, things of that nature when it comes to, um, nurturing other people for work or for a job.


And then you have to bring in the delegate Also, we have, it's out of orb, but it's very close.


Uh, we have where to go. You have your fourth house.


Oh, urinary is rising. Okay, so we have your fourth house, which just kind of doubles down on that, um, that lunar energy.


So your, your lunar energy is, is about emotion or relationship to emotion.


It's about security as it pertains to the house and home.


It's about, you know, finding your tribe within your family, which can compartmentalize your family for you sometimes as well.


Like, you feel safer or more connected to certain people in your family than you do other people.


Uh, on a very intense level, because we have Lilith here, the order here is true, or I'm sorry, is mean Lilith then true lilith.


This can be really challenging because how you feel internally about something and the shame and the guilt around motherhood, around family, around your upbringing, around your roots, um, around real estate in general as well, and around how you handle that on a daily life.


How it contributes to your mental health, uh, what you do for, for work.


Anything of that nature can make you feel like either I'm not a good mom, but I know that I'm supposed to be a mom.


I, you know, I feel like I'm not allowed to care for you so much, but I want to type of energy.


Uh, it could, when it comes to the actual house and home, it can feel like if I'm gonna have company or if I'm going to have, um, if there's any sort of dirt or mess or anything, you feel like you have to constantly keep it clean and, uh, oh my god, so much so, yeah.


Yeah. But you also feel guilty about it, the fact that it was even there.


Why is it, why was it dirty in the first place, right?


Mm-hmm. So in order to kind of embrace this, you can't change your energy.


So you're not gonna not be the person who wants a clean home, a tidy home.


But we do have to, we have to remove and replace the guilt and shame portion of it.


Meaning dirt exists and time exists and, you know, all these things that would, um, where's your Saturn?


'cause I have a feeling I'd it go.


Yeah, there it is. Your Saturn rines into all this.


I was gonna say, you're, there's definitely a, a, a value and a time thing in here.


Um, so all of that, and there's the action boom.


So you feel like you have to constantly be up on this and that, it's a constant thing, but it, it leads into your guilt and shame.


So anything has to do with authority.


Anything has to do with structure around money that leads into you basically saying, I know what I want to do.


Like, I know that I can nurture people, I can care for them, whatever, but I can't do them either because the system won't allow me, or the system is creating a situation where the way I wanna help people the way I want to, um, kind of do my daily routine.


It's not freeing enough, but I can't say anything about it, especially when it comes to authority.


So I just have to shut up, even though I know deep down that I, I could be doing something better or fixing something or helping people.


So this can create a situation, especially since this is coming from the second house into the sixth where you work, you work in a field that matches the vibe of what you wanna do, but you can't actually do what you wanna do.


So you just kind of go along your daily route and do what you're supposed to do.


It also means that your, you like routine, but you also hate routine because the way that you want to do routine, like isn't really routine to other people.


And what you wanna do for work isn't work for other people.


Other people might judge me.


There's a lot of judgment here, especially around just like femininity, motherhood, safety, things of that nature.


And it's all coming from what you value as authority or anything from, you know, structure into things that you value is all feeding into that.


So it has to do with the house at home has to do with the bank who is watching the money?


Can I watch the money? Do I feel like I have to watch every single nickel and dime?


That type of energy could be right there as well.


But the shame of whether or not that's okay for you to do based off of potentially the roles.


So maybe it's you who is handling the money when in a traditional role, everyone else is always the man, uh, handling the money and you feel like that you're not supposed to.


So maybe you kind of give it back to him even though you want it kind of energy.


Mm-hmm. Is that vibe Fascinating? Yes. Yes.


Continue.


You can move on to somebody else, but yeah, that's, It's too much for me. I Was more curious about the four planets of being there and how the flow went. So Yeah. Yeah. So the, the flow for you is what ends up happening is like, you'll feel the guilt and shame first.


Mm-hmm. As it connects into your chart.


You'll feel that first when it comes to mental health, when it comes to your job, you feel that first.


And because of the conjunction, it, it immediately stops you from doing anything else.


You can't truly feel things the way you want to.


You never truly feel safe because what you needed to feel safe when it comes to your survival instincts, when it comes to accepting the things that are truly yours in your own way, your own, you know, the details and whatnot, because lith comes first and it's such a hard energy to deal with, which is guilt and shame and all that kind of stuff.


Mm-hmm. It feeds directly into the next, and you have this like, immediate reaction, like, I feel guilty and shame, but damn it, I hate this kind of energy.


Mm-hmm. So what we want to do is we want to turn the guilt and shame side into acceptance.


We have to accept this portion of ourselves that yes, what I want to do is not traditional.


It's not normal. Other people don't do it this way.


And I don't care. Hmm.


Not in a detached, I don't care way, but in a, I don't care to the point where if I did care, I would feel guilty, but since it's part of me and I can either let it play out as guilt and shame or I can really step in and embrace this portion of me, which has a little bit of sometimes sexy, sometimes edgy, sometimes like, just not connected to your normal viewpoint.


So if you wanna be a caretaker on any level and you wanna bring in psychology or anything that has to do with either like rebirth or revisiting trauma or anything like that, you gotta allow yourself to do it in the way that you feel, feel as being the key word.


That is your personal way of doing it.


Because you, you're just, there's something about this that no one else seems to know, but I seem to know it.


Thank you. And I work for a bank at, with, with mortgages, so that, that makes sense when you say house and home. Yeah. It's right there.


So even there, but there's an element of, there's an element of, of caring that you feel like you can't care, which means it's probably that you feel like you're in working with mortgages where it's all about the numbers and it's not about actually helping people.


Mm-hmm. You know, and, and if you end up switching or doing something on your own or, um, or kind of mapping what you do out into something where you can act, you feel like you can actually help them in the way that, you know, instinctively you're like, I know this person could afford this home, or I know this person should be in this home, that type of energy as well, And manage the department.


And everybody calls me the mother. That's what's funny.


Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's what they call me. Yeah.


I'm, I'm, I'm the department mother.


So it's, it's just interesting how that's in there.


Yeah. No, it's in there. Well, where's the shame in that?


Do you not feel like you're, you, you Have, 'cause it's in a corporate setting, so it's, it's should not be that way, but yet I go against the grain, so it makes perfect sense.


I Yep.


Embody it, embrace it, embrace it.


'cause it's, it's a power.


It'll also, it'll also increase the longevity.


It also increase your ability to connect to other people.


Mm-hmm. It'll create mm-hmm.


Create those deeper bonds and your ability to kind of release that power.


One of the things that a mother can do is say, oh, really good job.


Let's do this now. Go ahead and do that in your own way.


Whatever, here, take this and run with it type of energy and allows you to step into that type of role where you can delegate, but there's also a healing quality to you that you feel like you're not a healer when it comes to like, nutrition, when it comes to like helping people on a daily level, doing that as your job.


We'll have to work on that one.


Alchemistic, astrology And it all. Thank you for you.


Thank you all. You're welcome.


All feeds into the 12th, so you'll wanna look into that as well.


Yeah, that's what I, I was curious how, yeah.


Okay, we move on to somebody else.


I don't wanna monopolize all the time.


Okay. We'll talk about this more, uh, later. Oh yeah.


Who is, who is next?


Sharon has a fusion cusp.


Okay, let's do that. Let's, let's get that out of the way. Sharon.


I think Pamela asked to go next because she has to go to a doctor's appointment. Oh, wait, Who? Pat?


Pamela. Pamela. Yeah.


Okay. So Thank you Sharon.


I appreciate that this appointment was made.


Doctor's appointment was made six weeks before this one. This, this, You, Hey, you don't have to, you don't have to do all that.


Oh, sorry. That's my overcompensating.


And it's, it's, it's hard not to.


It's okay. I, I didn't ask. That's the shame.


That's the shame coming out.


Um, and, and the fact that your lily is in retrograde, so Yeah.


That's interesting. Exactly.


You're, you're upset at yourself right now.


I don't know why nobody's, nobody's mad at you.


I mean, I do know why, but I mean, in the real world, I don't know why.


Right. So, so that's something we wanna work on, right?


We wanna be a little bit more reflective.


You have your Lilith at two degrees, which is right at the, the beginning.


It's very much a third house.


It's very much about your thoughts, your ideas, your communication, anything for you that wraps into details.


Obviously scheduling and planning things as well.


Um, what this can be is like you can naturally kind of fit things together quite nicely and do one thing and fit another thing and fit another thing that's kind of the retrograde energy.


And you don't know why. You just kind of have a natural knack of being able to reorder and restructure things.


But when it comes to external communication, you can feel like you wanna say something and then not say it.


Especially when it comes to ideas, when it comes to anything where it's like, I think it should be a different way, literally the critical mind and you criticize yourself instead.


So like, if you're doing, let's say it's a math problem, it's like, you know, three times whatever in grade school, whether you liked math or good at it or not.


Um, when you see it, it's like, I know the answer, I know the answer, but I'm not gonna do it the way you did it.


I see it because I kind of worked it backwards.


I worked the answer that I think it was, and I worked it this way and I verified my answer.


That kind of energy would be there.


Um, but what ends up happening, and there's a there for you, it's a quite a distance.


It's an 18, uh, almost 18 degree disparity between these two.


So for you, it's, it's a, the thing happens first and the external trigger happens, and it's not for quite a bit of time until you feel guilty about that same exact thing.


But because your first li is in retrograde, like I said, it's coming inward.


It's being reflective and it's compounding. Mm-hmm.


So you'll stutter over your words when you feel very heightened and emotional about something.


Mm-hmm.


And I'll repeat them.


I'll say the same thing twice or three times.


Yeah. Right? Yeah.


Especially if it's something you truly feel deep down.


And it, there, there's an element of that.


Like, where is it going? Is it going, it's going over here.


Uh, it, I was like, it's, there's a six house vibe.


Like it's coming back in the sixth house again.


It's off of criticism and it's basically, you know, this is the expanding on it.


Um, you, and you can feel like this is an interesting energy because you can feel like your, that your ideas and, and what you want to do, you can immediately feel, for lack of a better word, but with the energies there, you could feel stupid for having an idea that's like out there.


And, um, have you felt that before?


Oh yeah. Which, Not as much as I've gotten a little older, but yeah.


Okay. Especially when you were younger.


Yeah. But that type of energy there is like, the challenge for you isn't really that as much as your, your self self criticizing on things that are very raw and visceral.


Because again, it's about liberation.


It's about other people judging you and you, you have that extra judgment with Virgo here and then it's going into the ninth house of expanding the idea.


Something that is worldly, something that is more of a what if, so you have this feeling like if you don't have all the details, that it's just not a good idea.


Laugh, Ouch. Laughing, But more importantly, understanding things grow, things evolve.


Things expand. Things are not everything is meant to be concrete.


In fact, whenever you start a business, I, I love talking about business because it's like, my favorite thing in this world is to, is to have an idea and bring it into motion.


I think it's an awesome thing and if I can make money off of it, hell yeah.


You, every single one of us could do it.


We're not gonna do the same business.


We're not gonna approach it the same way.


This is why the astrology is so important, but literally every single person could run their own business.


But we all have these restrictions and yours is starting right from your identity as well is like, you're not allowed to be you.


Right. It was not safe.


It's not safe to be you and you there. No, It was not. It's, it's more now, but Yeah.


Yeah. And you know, you have to tie that more into, um, connecting to people who are not necessarily, because in this energy you also have issues with people in the spiritual community.


I do. Yeah.


I was just showing over here in this energy.


Uh, so, uh, and a lot of it is because you don't conform.


And this is where Lilith is so important is that for you, it's self conformity for people who don't have it retrograde, it's outer conformity or lack of, let's say.


So for you, it's you, you know that you don't want to conform, you know, that you don't feel safe being like other people.


You know that your place in the world, it's like, it's hard to find because you're, you're afraid to allow yourself be yourself even within yourself.


And then comes the shame later on when we hit 20 degrees, 20 even actually.


So when you were born like this, lith wanted to be in that Taurus decade.


So it has to do with the value that you bring within your ideas.


It's like, this isn't gonna make money, nobody's gonna care about this.


This isn't even a, this is like a half baked idea anyway.


I don't even know where to go with this idea type of energy.


And you have to, you have to stop thinking about where it needs to go and allow your intuition and, and just kind of go with the flowness to take care of it.


'cause that's all going into the ninth house, which is your what if territory and your Piscean energy, which is the very go with the flow ethereal.


It's also bringing in your spirituality and saying that the way that you see spirituality is first off very highly acute and comes viscerally in and is very real for you.


So spirituality is not like a lot of people where it's kind of like this separated ethereal thing for you.


It's a very practical, real world.


I feel it in my, probably in my hands mostly, but I feel it in my body or my gut, uh, quite a bit.


And it kind of maybe even goes down to your feet.


I'm laughing because the challenges I have physically are hands, feet and digestion.


So that's why I'm giggling.


Yeah. It's, it's because that Lilith placement getting, yeah.


So you know, you have Lilith in the third house, which is hands and whatever, but it's also, you know, Virgo is the gut and the ninth house brings in, in the, the hips, the, the lower hips into the thighs.


And then Pisces being the feet, 12th house ruler being the feet in the hands.


Also the fingertips themselves or the joints that kinda lead over here, um, could be a big part of it.


Also, the palm wrist area can be a part of it.


So pulling that energy in a lot of it is, um, is stress that you put upon yourself because you don't allow yourself to be authentic and then you criticize whether or not that's there.


Instead of saying, you know what, I am who I am.


I feel safe like this. I wanna do this, this and this.


This idea that may, I don't have every single one of these details, but I don't need to because it's something that doesn't need to be completely planned out.


I can put this out in this way and then from there I can experiment with it.


And then that will lead me into the details through experimentation and expanding on an idea.


So you actually have to allow the fact that some of your ideas come from literally weird places and they kind of compound in and you will obsess over them until you do something with them.


Oh yeah. Yeah. But there's no, there can't be guilt and shame over your identity through a basis of criticism or religion.


Yeah. So we have to harness that power in a positive way.


And then you get to be you and then you start, you know, whether it's business or love or whatever, you start feeling yourself and then we get the feeling of liberation.


Yeah. Menopause has actually helped that quite a bit because we talked about any of the ladies that are have done menopause or, or in those throws is like, your give a heck is busted and you quit apologizing as much.


Right Jen? Yeah. Yeah.


You're like, hmm, no, it is what it is.


So that is a good thing.


It's not that it what It's not without, um, not that it's not uncomfortable, that's for sure. But Um, that's Page I'm working with, he's helping, That's this Venus senior seventh thousand Capricorn that up here in the 11th house rinding down to your mean Lilith.


That's, that's what that was.


Um, but you know, prior to menopause we could have worked on this had we had this prior.


Yeah. That's why I'm excited about it.


'cause I can utilize it and change. Mm-hmm. And Yeah, I mean the hormones are still there.


We still have hormones in our body, but Oh yeah, now it's, now it's a matter of taking age and structure and taking time and being able and to put that into our identity and, and uh, and changing structure in a positive way, in a way that you feel like you can communicate authentically on the things that you truly feel.


Right? Yeah.


That I'm still fine tuning because as I have found my, uh, non-filtered voice, I find that I am, people are not receiving it.


Well, we'll put it that way. Like if I, if I unfiltered just like boom, it has ended friendships of 30 years, it has, uh, offended people.


So I'm still trying to fine Tune. Well the, so the, the question here, but here's the thing is when, when it becomes completely unfiltered, we do, we do.


People are like, oh, I don't like you, whatever.


But the question is because that seventh house is sitting here in your 11th house, or I'm sorry, the Saturn sitting here in your 11th house, and that's rinding down to here.


The question is, have you actually, are these friend, were these friendships ever really friendships or did you always feel like you couldn't really say what you wanted to say because it's rinding down into this energy right here?


Yeah. It wasn't, the friendships were, uh, me, I was a great friend to them, I'll put it that way.


Right. So, but it was, so you're seeing something that you're, you are perceiving as negative and there's shame around it.


'cause I'm losing friends, what the hell?


People aren't liking this. But in reality there's always a balance.


It's always a happy medium. So it's like we let the filter off, but we don't let it, it go out.


We just let it enough so that we feel like we can be authentic.


We can be speaking out what we truly feel and what we truly for you think and your ideas and how that can go into something that on a higher vibrational is teaching.


Helping, which means in the spiritual community, which is something I would love to see, that's my personal opinion, but for you, you'd be a great advocate for it.


'cause of these energies is that you don't have to act like a spiritual person.


Oh, thank God. Ugh.


You know, at at least the image of it.


Let's say you can be whatever is you in your ideas and your communication and you're allowed to criticize things.


Mm-hmm. You're allowed to criticize beliefs.


You're allowed to dissect them and really say, do I believe this?


Do we believe this Kind of energy? Yes. I love, I love scrutiny because truth will always vary up to scrutiny.


Right. Thank you very much.


Thank you everyone for letting me go next.


I have to go. I will catch it all on the Yes. Good luck at the, at the doc docs.


Thank you. You are welcome.


Alright, so Sharon, where you is, go ahead and turn your mic, mic on.


I'm not Armstrong, I'm Craig, What did I say?


You have Sharon Armstrong. Oh, Son of them.


Okay. Everybody ignore that. Sorry.


No, I didn't hit down enough times.


I thought it was a, a, um, oh God, what's his name?


Lance Armstrong joke. And I was like, I am, this is so over my head.


Okay. Um, Lilith, where you at?


Okay, we have this one. And, okay, so yours is kind of like mine, where it's in, it's separated between two except yours is in the reverse order.


So your, your Lilith had at 11 degrees, uh, has to do with friendships, has to do with technology, has to do with groups of people.


And whether or not you feel, you feel like you can be comfortable within them to feel accepted within that group, to feel like you are valuable within there, especially as it pertains to your own beliefs.


And I think, I think that's why you're so engaged here, is you're finding that group you feel valuable.


You feel like you can be yourself and be safe, which is huge for you.


It isn't a semis sex talk with Chiron though.


So even once you find that safety and you find that comfort within a group, and you find, you know, the, basically what we knew as children is what the north node's all about.


But we find that thing that we want in terms of our emotional security.


Um, and then Lilith with our raw version of that, um, it all has to lead into Chiron because even once you feel, even once you feel like you're in a group and I'm like, I feel okay.


I feel safe, I feel whatever.


You can still feel like you don't want to say you don't wanna speak.


You're afraid that you don't know things.


We've talked about this, you've talked about this a lot.


And if we take that safety and that ability to, um, to find value in the astrology, that'd be the 11th house, but value in, um, in anything holistic, in anything that has to do with the group and really feed that into your Chiron, meaning feed that into your authenticity, into the way that, you know, things are being seen, even being taught.


So for you, it's a lot of like, okay, I've gotta see for you, you really need diagrams.


You really need pictures. You kind of need that visual and it connects the words.


Like, memes are great for you.


Memes are like, oh, I get that right away. Mm-hmm.


Um, but that energy, we, we have to feed that in there because your, your desire to, um, sometimes lash out randomly even in a, a joking way, especially around things that are like, you know, unique foods and things of that nature.


Or, um, uh, tech, your phone, right?


Tech technology with tars would be the actual phone itself.


And you could feel like, I don't even use this phone for communication.


Why do I have this? I could just like go back to a two-way page or something with an internet on it.


Um, that type of energy can come because you could feel very, like, this isn't advanced enough to really be what it's supposed to be and feel like you can't do the things you want to do with it within, within groups.


Um, and group settings, again, you have to lead that into, I feel like I can heal things.


I feel like I can help behind the scenes.


I feel like I can finally, if I have the right networking, if I have the right mechanics and understanding where it feels valuable to me, then I feel like I can lead that into helping other people and by saying it in a different way.


So that's something you've been able to do, is like, you hear me say something and then when you feel comfortable with it, you're like, I'm gonna tell you, but I'm not gonna say it the way Logan said it.


I'm gonna say it this way. Mm-hmm.


Because I feel like you'll get it better this way.


So it's a strength. Mm-hmm.


But with Lilith, there, it can make it feel very challenging.


But with mean Lilith in that same house, bridging these two, but coming from the 12th house in the same house as Chiron, your wounds are very different, but they're also very, you very insecure about those wounds, and you have shame around those wounds and, and being different in different ways.


And even what we just said, taking it and saying it different way, you probably feel like you're stepping over like, I'm not the teacher, but, you know, so maybe I shouldn't say this, maybe I should, right?


But it's not true because when you guys help each other, I'm happy.


And I know Ashley's happy when you guys are all doing this.


And when you're, I've, I've seen your posts.


I don't miss your posts. You know, I see all the comments.


I, I don't comment on everybody's comment, but I see 'em.


And when you guys are helping each other like that, when, like, Sharon, when you are helping people and you're translating essentially by not necessarily translating the language, but translating the, um, thing.


And, and there is a whole, like, I've gotta make sure that I understand what is being said and feel safe and comfortable with it, and feel like there's value to it.


And then kind of put the, the practicality and the, the tangibility to this, this concept, and then feed that into here.


So when you don't get it though, sometimes you can feel that, that shame of, I don't understand.


And you need to own that.


And that's a really weird thing to say because these energies are kind of like, not conflicting, but it's like, what can be perceived as one negative energy on top of another, on top of another, which can make you feel like, yeah, I, no, I don't want to do that.


I, I would rather just kind of sit in the background.


But, you know, your, your gift, uh, is in the spiritual side.


It's, especially when it comes to thoughts and ideas, when it comes to, um, songwriting, technically when it comes to, uh, you know, poetry, songwriting, things of that nature, you're actually really good at those things and you should be pursuing that kind of stuff as well.


When it comes to all the, the creative things that you do with your hands.


You were, I wanna say crocheting, but it might have been something else earlier.


Oh, I actually was, Yeah, exactly.


It's a gift. I don't know why there's shame with it.


I would imagine it's because you feel like maybe you don't know what to do with it, but, um, or that there's some sort of judgment behind it.


But, um, you want to use that as a strength.


First off, there's not a lot of people who can do that anymore.


A lot of people rely on machines.


You can do it with your hands. Mm-hmm.


Which means you can actually make each one custom or you can make 'em different, or you can, you know, do whatever.


Plus there's some sort of spiritual connection for you to it.


Mm-hmm. Um, but owning that power here, when it comes to when you don't know something, or more importantly when you see that somebody else doesn't know something, step in say it.


Like, I definitely encourage you to help others Yeah.


To do that. Because you're, you're, I say it one way.


I have my energy. I try to say it in multiple ways. Mm-hmm.


But, you know, I've done the teach by myself thing already.


So, you know, the whole reason for doing this is some people are just here to learn.


Some of you guys love the community and you're here for the community.


Some of you guys want to be astrologers or do something with astrology.


All good stuff. Um, but in the process, in the interim, while we're doing this, if you get something, you grasp it and you see it and you think it can help others, yeah.


Go ahead. Put a post, answer, a post be being as engaging as you want to be.


If you say something that's not right, I'll just correct.


It won't be a criticism and just be like, let's tweak this type of thing.


Um, when it comes to, Let me see something real quick.


I feel like I'm missing something.


I am, that's what I'm missing. The north node's at one, for whatever reason, the north node in my head was sitting over here.


So you have the north node and then you have your Lila there.


This can also mean that when it comes to, um, you know, teaching, coaching, consulting, storytelling, building things, expanding, having your place in the world, adventure, all of that good stuff, that all leads into either the business that you're gonna build, uh, relationships relating one-on-one to other people, your own future and valuing your own future.


Uh, especially within your own wisdom, your own, uh, desire to kind of expand things and kind of go with the flow and being more comfortable is in direct conflict with your own feelings of guilt and shame behind the scenes of endings, of things of that nature.


So it's almost like you, you sometimes self-sabotage where you create a situation where you feel like you're not really worthy of your own goals.


Mm-hmm. Yeah.


And then we have both of those rulers sitting in the ninth house.


So all of this is coming down to religion, it's coming down to belief systems, it's coming down to, um, our perceived experiences.


And sometimes whenever Neptune's evolved, it's not real.


It's like this illusion of perception.


It's this illusion of this experience, like this didn't really happen that way, but something was unknown about it, or something was a bit of a haze.


So you're feeling it was a different way.


And that can create also fierce.


There's a lot of elements of fear, insecurity around fear.


There's, um, with this Lilith placement, there is, uh, even shame around things that you don't know.


And that can create another issue is like, when you feel like you don't know something you like, again, on a different level, you feel like you're dumb.


Like, I should know this. Why don't I know this?


Or if I forget something.


'cause not the, that energy is also forgetfulness.


It's like, oh, I forgot something. I didn't do something.


And then you, you expand that out.


And because you're, that Lilith ruler is going into the ninth house, you expand it out, and then you start creating stories over, like the thing, the one little thing that is really power.


There's power in here, but you're converting it into sh well, you're not converting.


It should be the other way around.


It's manifesting as shame and guilt over these things.


Mm-hmm. Anything that has to do with losses or endings or I didn't get to say goodbye type of energy, those types of things.


Mm-hmm. Um, all of that is leading into the story you've kind of conjured in your head that's not making you feel like such a good person.


Like you didn't have a good solid connection with that person because of that one thing that happened.


Hmm mm-hmm.


But it's, you know, you have to think of the circumstances.


You have to think of what were you doing and why, why did that not happen?


Was it your choice? Was there a reason behind the choice?


Mm. You have to think of those things.


Like, for instance, back to my chart, real quick, sun opposite Neptune, Neptune, retrograde, conjunct, uh, Lilith, when my dad died, Gemini, Sagittarius energy, when my father died, I was in California.


He was in Maryland. He told me on a zoom call, I'm gonna be fine.


Don't get on the plane to come see me.


Two days later he died. Hmm. Guilt, shame.


I was going to buy the ticket. He told me not to.


Yeah. I feel guilty, but should I, Yeah. And yeah, and I, I kind, I know, I know where mine, it's actually only something we figured out in the last week.


I was saying this to her day that I, I kind of figured out it is somebody who died that we weren't expecting.


It was, they were un alive by somebody else.


And, um, I didn't like the last thing I said to them, I didn't know the last time I seen them was gonna be the last time.


And I felt guilt and shame over what I, why I said, what was the last thing I said to them?


And it wasn't anything significant.


It was something like, I asked for something and I felt like the last thing I showed them was greed, because I asked them for something.


And it's something so insignificant.


It's not even a ter a bad thing in the normal day that you, you wouldn't even think twice over.


But it's just the fact that the last time I talked to them was me asking for something rather than me showing them love or whatever it may be, which has now turned into me not feeling like I can ask other people.


And I'm very conscious about what I say to people.


I conflict adverse.


Do not wanna be the last thing I said to somebody to be a negative thing or a bad thing, or me not showing them that I care about them.


That's a hard one because you also have Jupiter squaring and the the sixth house.


That's the sixth house rule.


And you got a lot of stuff going on there. Mm-hmm.


So you, you know, you have experiences that are squaring off with Lilith.


But again, those experiences and the real world, uh, everything, real world and the eighth house, which does, along with the 12th house also represents death.


That is showing in here, this, it literally a sudden death, a sudden out of nowhere cut and the eighth house is what you just said mm-hmm.


In the manner of what had happened. Mm-hmm.


Um, but that energy squaring off with lith is making you feel worse.


Mm-hmm. And, you know, it is, it's great to be conscious of what you say.


Mm-hmm. But you can't not say the thing you need or want mm-hmm.


Because you are afraid of an experience that hasn't happened.


Yeah. Or might happen. Right.


I'm afraid to ask for help.


I'm afraid to say what it's, I'm really feeling, I'm afraid to say, be honest about things and express how I really feel about things.


And it there Yeah.


There's fair guilt, shame all that in there.


Yeah. But that's gonna eat you up. Mm-hmm.


And it's gonna expand and it's just gonna, it's gonna create just endless, endless issues.


Where's Venus 17, sun two, it's going to create endless issues that are where do Mars go?


Yep. There it is. I was like, I know it's in there somewhere that is gonna get trapped in your physical body.


Mm-hmm. And it's gonna create expansive issues.


So if you're struggling with weight, a lot of it is guilt.


Mm-hmm. That is creating that. Mm-hmm.


So we have to start releasing. We have to start.


And because Chiron's here, you have an issue with endings anyway, like a difficulty with endings.


You have an insecurity around endings, especially verbal, especially the thought of it.


So that could be also mm-hmm.


It's like, I'm, I am, I have this insecure, what if this ends?


I, you know, I'm thinking about it and it's like making me feel some kind of way.


Um, and like you can create stories of like how it might happen, um, especially, especially after the fact, but even preemptively.


Mm-hmm. So we have to own, you know, your, your relationship to people, the things that you didn't say, why you didn't say them, whether or not it was applicable to say something different.


You have to start owning that there's a power here within the spirituality, within the ability to be compassionate and do it in your own way.


You can ask for something and still make it compassionate.


You can still say, Hey, this is what I need. I value you.


Mm-hmm. Like, you could still do that.


And that would be in your power.


Yeah. Which brings in, again, this and this.


You're, you're bringing that random value into it. Mm-hmm.


Then it alleviates the guilt if something were to happen.


I already told them I valued them, but you shouldn't feel pressure either because it's supposed to be liberation.


It's not supposed to mm-hmm.


Be this constrained, conformed thing nobody blames you for, for this, which is how it works.


Mm-hmm. For most of the time, you don't get the blame is you putting it on yourself.


Mm-hmm. I should have done this.


I wish I would've done that. Especially wish mm-hmm.


Being both Pi C and in 12 health energy, I wish mm-hmm.


I wish I would have. So we want to, yeah.


We wanna start embracing the fact that you don't get to control endings.


Those endings are are going to happen and you just, you're gonna have to find your own way obviously to process those.


And for you, there's an element of celebrating life.


I think we Yeah. You do the bear thing. Mm-hmm.


There's an element of celebrating life that's actually part of your power, that, that takes all of that energy and kind of puts it together into something that can be, again, it feeds into the seventh house, which is how you relate to other people.


It is your expression of your talents outwardly.


It is your business. So you can actually be using this experience to be fueling not only the after, but the before.


Mm-hmm. Show 'em you care type of vibe.


Yeah. Yeah.


So you can, we've talked a lot about using the, the clothes after, but you could be doing, there could be a whole other show 'em before.


Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely.


And the other aspect of it with, um, the guilt and shame over not understanding or feeling like, I don't know everything.


I feel like that's something I have been working on a lot, especially recently, where I'm being vocal about saying it takes me longer to learn, but I'm allowing myself that time.


Yep. I've Noticed. So I, that one I'm working on This type of energy.


Uh, when you're learning something, you need to allow yourself to not be looking at the facts.


Mm-hmm. And you need to be looking a bit more at the bigger picture of it.


And you have to allow your intuition instead of your logical brain to try to put everything together and hear everything and discern it.


You have to allow yourself to draw it out.


You know, literally, if you need to have a whiteboard, draw it out for a second and see if you can connect it.


Mm-hmm. But that energy is you, there's a different way for you to learn through visual, through the abstract of it, rather than the actual details.


You don't learn through the, through the actual details.


Yes. You have your third house here, but remember Gemini itself is early learning and so is mercury.


And, um, while your third house has series in retrograde, this can make it very difficult for you to nurture the details that are actually necessary.


And you end up jumping to the ones that are not necessary.


Mm-hmm. And then you get really hung up on it because you feel like you're missing information.


And that also contributes over to here.


So we have to nurture the actual details that are relevant, that are going to feed nutritionally speaking.


I know that's a health term, but, but apply it to like this.


Yeah. Um, so that you can be like, you know, the, the details that I need to know and then all the extraneous stuff we can add in.


But we want to do this first 'cause it's all gonna be here.


And allow yourself to do basically what I've done.


And that is every time I heard something, I played with it.


You have to play with your words, you have to play with your ideas.


You have to have fun with it.


Because all this energy is sitting here, there's a jovial, ethereal, go with the flow, expansive, fun, recreational type of energy.


It's all coming to value.


And you're seeking value through the what ifs.


Allow yourself to explore, allow yourself to say, this is what Logan said.


The hell does that mean? Instead of getting tripped up there, say, this is what Logan said, sounds like this, this and this.


Maybe it means this. Mm-hmm. What if it was this?


Oh, that makes sense. What about this?


And let yourself explore like that.


You have to because that's how your brain works.


And if you try to read this, this long paper, you're just gonna be like, no.


Mm-hmm. There's, there's a power in that.


There's a power in in realizing that, you know, you have Chiron and mean Lilith together.


You know, they're not conjunct, they don't work together, they work independently, but they work within the same energy of uh, um, you know, behind the scenes of, um, uh, spirituality of your creativity, all of that.


But it's gonna shame comes before insecurity for you. Mm-hmm.


Yeah. We need power and then authenticity.


Mm-hmm. Yeah.


It's a lot of, a lot of you getting out in the world, but you don't, you're not gonna do it like other people.


You're not gonna like show up on a YouTube channel and be like, hi, I'm Sharon, would you like to buy my dare?


Or whatever you're doing at the time. Mm-hmm.


It, it's a, it's gonna be a different way.


It's gonna be a way that you feel safe and comfortable.


Mm-hmm. And it doesn't matter if nobody else does it like me.


Like this is how we do it.


This is how I feel spirituality is.


I believe that there's two gods Could be this. Yeah.


It could be this. And uh, it doesn't matter what other people think.


Mm-hmm. Is that good?


Yeah. Awesome. Thank you.


Cool. Who am I going to three more?


Uh, Colleen, I see you.


Carly, I'll get to, you're gonna be my last one, Carly.


Alright. Um, Colleen, you here, you can turn your mic and we can chatty chat.


Jasmine's out there. It looks like she's at the beach.


She's chilling.


You're good. Uh, baby's sleeping. Gimme a sec. Okay.


There you are.


We All right?


Um, Okay.


So your, you've got, again, you've got your, you have shame coming before reaction, so cool.


And you have it in conjunction with all of this.


These are direct, you have your Saturn and retrograde, which is pulling intimacy, shared resources, things of that nature.


And your north node, which is in the fusion cusp area, bringing relationships and things of that nature all into the mix.


And it's pulling that into the ninth house of expanding, especially anything that has to do with like, doing things different, revolutionizing things and, and um, and things that have to do with technologies or networking group in terms of like worldwide network, worldwide group type of energy.


Now there's shame tied into the intimacy, into the privacy, um, and the, um, and the deep bonds and sometimes the more taboo aspects of things that are either more spiritual or more creative and being able to apply that, rework all of that, be more comfortable with being able to rework all that and applying it in.


But there's a feeling, there's this feeling that you can't teach things differently.


Mm. Yeah. Teaching or create things differently.


Um, general, if that makes any sense.


Like, always afraid to be as creative as what I possibly can be.


You said repeat that.


I'm always afraid to be as creative as what I possibly can be if, or like, I'm very shy to express my creativity, which is weird 'cause I'm a lead singer, so I know I can do it, but I'm, well this is, This is that energy.


So what you're explaining is actually chiron's energy.


Alright. So this is the insecurities. This is, yeah.


This is the creativity that leads into what you do.


Or starting something, especially the vocals, especially when it comes to communicating screenwriting or not screenwriting writing in general.


Um, okay. That's the insecurity, the shame is actually up here.


And it has to do with like, career long-term goals, um, structures.


Anything that has to do with collaborations or groups and expanding those out, having experiences.


It's almost like you feel guilty having an experience that could be really great for you because it's not something that's expected.


Okay. Understood. Does that make sense?


Yeah. It, it totally does.


Yeah. So we want to, we want to allow you to have those more visceral, um, experiences where we're not challenging authority.


We're using our own authority to not try to use cerp.


Others in terms of power struggles and power controls.


'cause that can make you feel very, especially within a group setting, power struggles can expand quite a bit, especially over authority things, the way that we're supposed to be doing things versus the way we want to do things.


Yeah. You wanna be able, I hate, I hate authority.


I can, yeah. Like can't deal with authority at all.


And I hate telling other people what to do 'cause I hate being told what to do.


So, yeah. I dunno if that is to do with Lilith.


Well, li partly, but Lilith, Lilith is bringing, sh Lilith is bringing shame around your authority.


And that's why you don't want to tell others what to do.


But you have to, you have to find that inner authority or you're not gonna be able to build the structure they're trying to be able to build.


And it doesn't mean tell other people what to do, but it does mean allowing yourself to, um, when you're, when you're in a, either a collaborative aspect or in you're in a position where there's other people and you're taking other things and you're making something new, allowing yourself to say, Hey, we can play this.


We can play it our own way.


Or, and I'm using the band as a reference or Yeah.


Um, you know, Hey, why don't you do this?


Or maybe you should try that. Hey, I usually do this.


What if you took over this, like allowing yourself to delegate a bit more?


'cause that's what Saturn retrograde is all about.


It's about giving away authority.


It's about refining a different way to as to assume authority.


And it, for you, it acts as a delegate of your eighth house, which is collaborative other people's resources.


But your, your north note is stepping into that to be much more comfortable within the control and power dynamics within your group settings and saying, I feel more comfortable if I do this.


Can you do this type of energy? Okay.


I hear you. Oh yeah.


I run my own business and I'm the only one running it at the moment 'cause I'm too afraid to actually hire anyone 'cause of this energy, I think. Mm-hmm.


And you're supposed to be delegating and Okay.


You feel like every, and that's what's happening here, is you feel like everything is your responsibility.


Instead, you don't feel like it's okay to collaborate.


You don't feel like it's okay to delegate.


You don't feel like it's okay to take somebody else's resources.


Be like, Hey, can you do this for me?


I'm gonna take this and apply it to what I'm doing.


Crazy. Yeah. It feels very wrong.


Yeah, it feels wrong. But again, we go back to the root of it.


Why it's coming from this energy out here.


It's coming from this empty focus.


It's, it's an invisible mirror.


This is something that we need, but you're denying what you need because you're conditioned by this.


So we're pulling in, we're already pulling in Jupiter, right?


We're going out in the void of space and pulling Jupiter.


But this specifically is within the moon.


This isn't even, this is inside the moon's orbit path.


This alright, this space.


So it's within how we feel safe and it connect.


It's what's gonna connect us from, from disconnect.


And what'll end up happening is if, you know your lilith is, is expressed outwardly, so you can become very frustrated and very agitated, um, within your own business.


And how basically you, this energy here with the retrograde and this one here and then this one, you intensely take on an absurd amount of responsibility and then get angry about it.


Yeah. Yeah. Very resentful about taking on responsibility.


Mm-hmm. Yeah. And that plays out in my personal relationships too.


I truly land up hating people.


Right. So we wanna start stepping into, with that north node, we wanna start stepping into that eighth house of, it's not just about your talent.


It's not just about your skills and your, your money and your possessions.


It's about others. And more importantly, how that can contribute into the thing you're trying to build.


And there's absolutely no shame because you need it.


You need that structure and that networking of others to be able to build what you're trying to build.


If you're in a musical group, you're, there's no musical group without the other members.


It's just a solo act.


Yes. Which means a hundred percent.


Right. And a group isn't one.


Like unless you're the pussycat dial dolls, dials, unless you're them, then you're not one person making up a group.


You have to allow them and their collaboration.


And you have to give up a little bit of the power and a little bit of the control and the way that you see things while also making sure you feel safe and comfortable within the direction of whatever everything's going in.


How you do that. That is crazy Idea. Are you asking idea how you do that?


I, yeah. I'm just like, I'm just thinking like, I don't know how I could ever give control over to anybody else in my own business.


You're not giving, you're not giving the, it's so daunting.


You're not giving the business away.


For sure. For sure.


You're, you're giving away, you know, you're giving away, you're delegating out tasks and things that need to be done.


Especially when it comes to anything that has to do with, um, just creating different viewpoints on something.


Like sometimes you just need a fresh pair of eyes.


Every business and every business person needs that.


You need to be able to accept other people's perspectives.


It's not wrong. Someone else's viewpoint on your business does not mean it's their business now.


Okay. I understand. Crazy. Spot on.


Yeah. So we want to be much more comfortable.


We wanna realize that yes, it's still yours and this energy over here.


You have a very deep connection within your own ideas and the things that you do and whatnot.


And there's that overcompensation of you trying to prove yourself.


And we don't, or shutting down, like you had mentioned earlier, both of those, depending on how Chiron hits, there's nothing to prove.


And there's no idea that has to be completely yours.


And it doesn't have to align with anything.


You have to allow yourself to have those ideas, those creative ones, and take advantage of the one that feels good for you.


The one that feels like, I like this.


I don't care if anybody else doesn't like this. I like it.


Okay, cool. Yeah. That's difficult, Right? So you have to start small with this and you have to, um, you have to allow, you know, the next idea, the next idea that you, you get excited about, that you, that you can see multiple avenues for it.


Take that idea and do something small with it and Okay.


And experience what that feels like and then realize that that's going to, you'll see that, you'll see what happens when you allow that.


Okay. So start there.


'cause it, you, we can talk about it all day long, but if you don't actually try it, it's, you can't feel what I'm saying.


It's magic when this stuff lines up.


So give that a shot and then, you know, let us know here in circle how it goes.


Definitely. Thank you so much.


You're welcome. Um, I, Amy lemme go to you next.


Amy. Tanya. Carly.


Alrighty. Amy.


Woo. One, two. Okay. Are you here?


I heard my name. I'm just driving.


I was just in a bad cell service area.


Um, okay.


So you have your, your Lilith and your shame comes into intimacy.


It comes into, um, shared resources and debt.


Anything that has to do with the things that you, you feel like you wanted to devote yourself to and you keep having to redevote yourself into that is leading into actually starting something or taking action on something that is going to be either, you know, has to do with, um, you know, travel or, um, fantasy destinations or creativity or anything like that.


You feel like the collaborative aspect or the deep intimate or even the, the sexy time type of aspect to it that that's like, there's something wrong with that and you shouldn't be going that route in favor of something's a bit more traditional.


Interesting. Have you felt that?


Um, well it's interesting because years, um, recently I've been really thinking of bringing back my women's sexual impairment retreats and I do them.


And that was like really leaning into that edge of like, yeah, Which why haven't you, Um, why haven't I been bringing them back?


Mm-hmm. Well, I was trying to do more in-person stuff, but, um, I'm really thinking that it might be fun to bring more people back again.


Um, and I guess when I did it in the past, it was more of other people being the authority and other people teaching, but me just bringing the people together to show people that there isn't shame around that area, because I guess I've had so much shame in that.


I think we lost her.


Oh, Jasmine, I see you.


It's a, that's a great view, great view.


Uh, we lost Amy.


I'm just gonna wait another second, see if she pops back on and she's gone.


We'll come back to her. Um, Tanya saw your name.


Uh, so Tanya's is up here.


Um, again, lots of conjunctions.


Amy, I see you back, I'll come back to yours in a minute.


Uh, lots of conjunctions that are happening up here in Tanya's.


So all of this is also for her leading in.


So she has two fusion cusp area, uh, planet.


She has her Mercury. You're here, right? Tanya? Yes. There We go. I'm just, there's Noum there though, or is there Within what?


Um, including like the these? Yeah.


Yeah. There's aum. Okay.


Like it's right on the edge, but it's right there.


'cause we use three as the average.


So we have 10 57, which would take us to 1357.


That's at 1354.


So puts it into the, into that.


And then these two are conjunct three degrees.


So this, this is a little seum right here.


A fun seum. Yeah. That's not a part of it.


That's not a part of it. That's not a part of it.


And this is out of orb.


So the sun's not included, but we have, you know, this energy here.


I also factor in like things that are on the fringe versus things that are much more tight because you're gonna feel not just a feeling of them much more con you know, conjunct or, or closer in orb, but it's much more direct.


So the way that I see it is like, hmm, I don't know if I can draw it.


If I can do a visual, I don't have three hands, but essentially if you're sitting on the fri, how can I do this?


If you're sitting on the fringe area of it, so you're sitting on the edge of orb of influence, it's going to affect, but it kind of deflects a little bit when you sit head on.


It's, it's a very direct presence in this very, very, um, spot on. So like, can It potentially be like felt sometimes and not others? Yeah, Absolutely. Like depending on the circumstance. Yeah.


Let's call it mild as well.


So it's definitely conjunct, but you feel it a a little bit more mildly than if it was closer in orb.


But yeah, I also believe the energies do this. They pulsate.


So sometimes you feel it, sometimes you don't feel it. Because What I notice is like I have a hard time speaking up when it comes to a person of authority, Right. Because you don't feel like you're supposed to.


And I get that, I get that visceral response to where it's like that fight or flight mm-hmm. Feeling you Get a shake.


Yes. But if it's just a normal, normal person, I don't it, I don't feel that.


Right. I have the same thing, by the way.


And mine's, mine's not retrograde, but I get that same thing when I'm talking to somebody of authority that I, that I truly feel is an authority.


I think there's a, I think there's a discrepancy between those two for me is if I actually view them as an authority, that's the way it works out for me.


But that's again, I have that retrograde energy in there.


Whoops. Um, oh, we're already zoomed.


Uh, so this energy here, again, the order obviously mattering mean Lilith, true Lilith, Chiron.


So you have all of these working together.


So it's not only do you feel this agitation within, but you feel guilt and shame first and then you feel insecure about it.


And this is a challenging one because obviously all of that energy, uh, is internalized.


So you don't have that I wanna lash back out.


It's not like I feel bad, but then I wanna lash out and then I'm insecure about it.


You just bottle it up and all of that ends up going into your belief patterns that ends up expanding out, especially as it pertains to how you feel about something.


And this can create lashing out against people that you don't really intend to.


Like just this rage and just getting angry at whoever it, it's not even directed at anybody specifically, but usually family, um, with this type of energy.


And uh, kids can trigger it as well. So you have to, yep.


So you have to watch that because you are, basically, what you're doing is you're bottling your true nature up in, in three different formats.


One is guilt and shame of, of just your state of being internally.


Two is this, this raw nerve that is directed back inward.


And three is Chiron.


So we'll talk about something else in a second.


But Chiron obviously being your insecurities and your weaknesses and wounds, especially around structure, especially around people of authority being probably reprimanded and scolded, um, constantly when you were growing up.


And it's making you feel that way around, um, around people of authority.


So you have this, you have your son in here, which is your 12th house ruler, which is, there's feelings of like not being heard.


There's feelings of, um, wanting to be acknowledged for things that they don't know about.


So basically you do things, um, but your, your superiors don't even know you did it.


And you just want that acknowledgement.


And then you don't stand up and say, Hey, I did it, but you, you sometimes you want to, but when you do, you feel guilty about saying it.


So you back down again.


And then that makes you feel unvalued.


It makes you feel like you, and, and it expands on that.


So your self-worth issues expand out.


And that's basically what's happening with all of this energy here.


When we were talking about bringing people in.


The reason why it didn't work for you is because of Chiron.


Ah. So, you know, normally when we're just talking about one energy, we say, you know, yada yada, but for you, you have insecurity that leads into this thing of bringing people in.


So you already have that insecurity, even that that should be power in how you see things.


There's Chiron and Chiron is like, I'm trying to bring things in because I'm trying to prove that I knew something.


I'm trying to prove that I have the authority over something.


So the I told you so is more like, you should have listened to me.


I knew this, you didn't listen to me, blah, blah, blah.


And it, and it happens and it creates a friction between you and those other people and they don't like it.


And, um, it, it'll expand into, you know, something else where you'll either be said that you're a know-it-all, or a, there'll be some sort of quippy remark.


Um, that'll come as a result of it as well.


With Kyron there you have to be a bit more like, I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to have authority because essentially you don't end up in positions authority because you don't, not even that You don't like authorities, you don't want the authority.


There's a certain level of responsibility that you feel doesn't match the pay.


It doesn't match the experience.


The value is just not gonna give me anything I want.


And this is also why if you end up in corporate jobs, you don't necessarily go climb the corporate ladder.


And every time there is an opportunity, either you pass on it or it just doesn't happen for one reason or another.


Um, and also the, you know, the vibe of I don't like you because you're my manager can come across even if you're not saying anything.


And that, that leads into a lack of, of opportunities.


And, and when you are in alignment, you can find opportunities do come, but they come very randomly and it's usually some sort of secretive thing.


Like somebody said something that you didn't know, they said type of energy Yep. That played out. Yeah.


So Chiron there, Chiron in the 10th is already challenging, but when it's with both liths, that's a hard one because it, it, it's, it's not just, it's not just a, I don't like authority type of vibe.


It's a, I already, I already know I have authority, but I don't like the way authority is kind of vibe. And Then it's, that makes a lot of sense.


Yeah. So it, it makes it challenging because, especially for you, because you keep ending up in corporate settings, which makes this Chiron insecurity the wound and also your liths it, it, you don't, not only do you not like your job, but there's shame around you having these jobs.


Yeah. 'cause I don't like what I'm doing.


Like I just, I don't, I don't care for it.


I don't, there's no passion for it. Right.


Because Lilith is Like, I know I'm good at it.


Like, I'm like, I know I'm good at it.


Yeah. That's not the problem.


No. The problem is that the sun, there's no creativity in it.


There's no inspiration in it, there's no spirituality in it.


There's no music or behind the scenes presence about it.


There's nothing pulling this energy here.


Even creative problem solving in a way that's like behind the scenes, but it's fun.


None of that you're doing. No.


Be 'cause I'm told, like I get told what has to be.


And that takes precedence over the creative aspect, Right? So you're in the wrong role, first off, if you're gonna work for somebody else, you're in the wrong role.


Uh, obviously we've talked about you running your own business and we've been talking about, you know, your steps that you've been taking with this type of energy you have.


You, you have that combination where you're, you can't, you can't do it because you're trying to create a legacy.


You can't do it because you're trying to show that you're the authority over something and you can't do it because you think that, what's a better way to say this?


You need to do it in, you need to do it for a way that makes you feel safe and authentic.


And you have to have this element of not caring.


Like, I've done all of this.


I've done your way, I've done the corporate stuff, I've done the structure.


I don't do structure like that.


My structure is whatever I feel comfortable with.


And all of that has to do with my belief systems that's tied into my value and value.


The only way to, to take all this creativity and whatnot is to pour that into community, to pour that into teaching, to pour that into, uh, motherhood and doing something with, you know, with teaching as a mother, teaching families or, you know, doing something along those lines.


Something that's going to be nurturing that is going to be, you know, within the sciences.


It could be astrology based, but it doesn't say necess necessarily that it's that.


But there's, there's that element that in order for this all to work, and you have that fusion cusp and you have the crossing cusp to begin with this conjunction here and this planet being the ruler of these.


So while the sun is not part of the seum, the sun is in conjunction with a delegate of the seum, which means all of this energy, including the sun itself, the sun is in, in tandem with itself.


So you have solar energy that's in the ninth house as well, which means all the spirituality comes into religion, faith, belief within structures that are valuable, that has to do with things that are tangible products, things of that nature that can be expansive.


Anything that has to do with teaching, coaching, consulting, anything that has to do with, uh, culture, value within culture, especially corporate culture or anything that is anti-corporate culture.


Something that makes you feel liberated from all of that liberates the structures liberates and gives you freedom from this feeling of feeling like you can't do something or be something.


And then you feed that into value.


So the ideas that you have, your hiccup could be like, well, I got all these ideas, but I don't know how to make money out of it.


The money is through automation.


The money is through community.


The, the money is through potential tech, but ultimately there's an element, the sales is why you're in a sales job now.


But it's really within the ideas and the communication, it's through empowerment and giving power back.


And then you have this, this one which we'd have to read separately, but it's, it's through other people design, um, you know, business in general.


Connecting businesses would be a big part of it as well.


Networking and connecting businesses to kind of alleviate that.


And it could have something to do with, with, um, what's it called?


Logistics channels and things like that.


Or you could be going a completely different way where writing becomes a big part of it.


That all makes sense. Yeah.


But your son is actually in the ninth as well as the 10th for two different reasons.


Three different reasons.


So a lot of that, that creative energy needs to be fed into that ninth house energy expanding out on, um, on things that are, you know, valuable and tangible that are going to lead you into your own future goals that are very personal, but it requires a lot of that personal energy and to get over that insecurity and say, I'm not gonna, I'm not doing this to prove to anybody anything.


I'm using it to, um, to redirect and attract the type of people who feel like they don't have authority.


Is this also why?


Like, I want to create the business, but I don't, I don't wanna run everything.


Yeah, you don't wanna manage everything.


I don't. Yeah, you're not. That's Why I don't, I don't wanna be the authority of everything.


Right. You're not a manager. No.


Right. That's this energy.


You're technically don't even like the sales that much.


You're good at the sales, but you don't like to sell something unless it's like, you feel like it's genuinely gonna be helpful for somebody.


Yeah. Yeah. So that's that energy.


Oof. Okay. Um, who was next? Guys?


Who was next?


I don't wanna go too much longer.


It's getting, this is getting long.


Uh, let's do Carly and then I think Silas wanted to as well.


All right. So this is Carly's chart there.


They're Oh, a little retrograde. Okay.


So a lot of this is is what we, what happens when we don't have J mod Exactly.


And he's gonna watch this replay and be like, dammit, I can't leave.


Um, so we have Lilith that's sitting here at 23 degrees.


We also have to connect things to the chart.


We didn't do all of that there, but, uh, what we have here is a lot of true story is gonna freak out.


Uh, what we have here is we have this, this desire for the things that happen randomly, the things that are like inspirational in our lives, the things that have to do with, um, the, the deeper equality of things that are feeding into the insecurities within groups.


So when you try to be fair and you try to speak your mind when you try to bring value through criticism, when you try to, you know, nurture, but sometimes over nurture things that can create situations that make you feel like you're unable to speak or unable to communicate your ideas, uh, to other people specifically even on a one-to-one basis.


Or, um, present yourself and present your value, uh, to others.


So that shame is sitting here.


Shame within groups, shame within, uh, network types of settings.


Shame within random, spontaneous ideas.


Like, um, when you have an aha moments, interesting.


We talk about the carly moments, the aha moments.


But when you have them, you have that shame.


Like you feel like you should have known that before.


Like, why didn't I already know this?


Now it all makes sense mm-hmm.


Type of energy, uh, and all of that leading back into, um, whether or not you feel like it's okay to communicate that with others.


Now, when you feel safe, like you obviously do here in Mystic Circle, you're having these aha moments.


But when you're in group settings or community, you keep that kind of stuff to yourself because you feel insecure about it.


You feel like, again, you should have known it or known how something works.


And when you don't know how something works, it bothers you.


Yes, absolutely.


Um, that's all within the 11th house setting.


It leads you into your seventh house and then all of that leads you into your third house.


So it it, it's very logical and cerebral.


And if something is not logical, um, it does, it, it's, even if something is logical, if it doesn't feel right, you feel like, I don't care how many times you explain this to me, something doesn't feel right. Type of Energy's. Oh my God. Yeah.


So you're looking for that and then you ask somebody, um, or you feel either ashamed or you feel like you, it, you're not in a safe place where you can ask them.


So therefore you end up not knowing, but you always have this feeling something's not right.


Right. Yeah. Prior to circle. Absolutely.


Yeah. And, and it's these types of things where you guys are like, I feel safe here.


I feel safe here. I've done this, I've tapped into this.


Oh my god. It's, it's, it's why we created this. Mm-hmm.


Um, I didn't feel safe in the astrological community or spiritual communities.


They, they told me to kick rocks, but not in a kind way. Yeah. And, um, You know what happened before I got found you guys in? Correct? Oh yeah.


Yep. Absolutely Do know that actually.


Yeah. And you know, this energy feeding in here also is like your partnerships.


Mm-hmm. Um, you know, your your one-to-one relationships, your clients, even how you relate to them and feeling safe and comfortable, that can be a challenge.


Can I actually tell you how this works?


Or are you going to detach from what I'm saying and not understand me?


Yes. And there can be that, that insecure or that, um, I Use my words very carefully on when people don't understand certain concepts.


Yes. Right. Okay. Yeah.


But then you have this Lilith, so this, um, and remember all of these are also tied into mother as well, Uhhuh.


So these elements of, of guilt and shame are things that you felt from your mother.


Mm-hmm. Um, where she didn't necessarily understand you Yes.


And the things that you said, especially on a one-to-one basis.


Basis. And there would've been a feeling of, um, abandonment on some, at least an emotional level Yes.


From your mother where you would've wanted to have this or you would've wanted her to give you a much more deeper intimate type of relationship.


Yeah. In a more compassionate level.


But you wouldn't have been able to receive it.


So therefore you blame yourself. You blame yourself.


Why wasn't I more spiritual?


Why wasn't I more compassionate?


Why wasn't I, you know, the person that my mother wanted me to be?


What is the utopian aspect of that?


What is the, the I, how would I have been the ideal person for my mother instead of the other way around?


Which is why did my mother not not seemingly care though, instead of it going outwardly, it goes inwardly.


Yeah. And that's also when you, when you feel like you don't know your feelings or if you feel like you spiritually are getting a vibe, but it's not making sense to you like what it is or how to use it.


Like if you get, if you pull it, let's use it this way.


If you pull a tarot card and you feel like you got the spiritual message, but you're like, I don't understand how this applies to me whatsoever, right now That's happened. Yeah.


And that can make, that can be very frustrating for you.


And then you'll sit there and you'll dwell on it and you'll revisit it and revisit it and revisit it and try to figure out, not logically necessarily, but very much on an emotional level, um, which eventually goes into logic like, what was this about?


How did this work? And in those moments, eventually you can go back and be like, ah, that's what that was about.


Yeah. But until you get that moment, it bugs you, it irks you on a very visceral it For a really long time.


Honestly, it, it drove me absolutely bonkers.


But I can tell you through the growth that I've had being in circle and a lot of stuff between you and Ashley, uh, when things come up like that now I write it down in my journal and I go back to it when it's time.


That's great. So it doesn't bother me as much.


Yeah. And that's a, I mean that's obviously Ashley's work.


She's, She believes in journaling so much. Oh My God, dude.


I know. And it's not for everyone, but it's definitely for a lot of people.


Yeah. And, um, the other thing is when it comes to feeling like the spiritual, like you, you, you naturally feel a certain way about spirituality and a connection to a higher power.


Things that are creative, how you nurture through spirituality, how songs can make you feel is very visceral versus what other people, and it kind of hits you to your core quite a bit.


But when you try to apply that you feel like, you feel like it's hard for you to, um, either explain how it's feeling for you or you feel like it's very difficult for you to take like spirituality and say, I have a very specific way that spirituality has worked in my life.


And, and feel like you can make a job outta that.


Make it feel like that's work.


Make it feel like that could be something that is real.


So basically taking spiritual concepts through you and your physical body and your own motivations and actions and pouring that into something where it's service to others.


I love you guys laugh.


That's the last year of my life, Logan.


Yeah. But it, it's supposed to pour in and it's, it's because it it in and of in, I can't ever say this phrase it in and of itself.


Mm-hmm. It in and of itself, I love the phrase, but I can never say it, it in and of itself, uh, it's not about the spirituality, it's about you.


And that's where the challenge becomes from.


And, and I have my, my north node where you have this Lilith kind of, right.


I have my ascendant at 13, my north node at 13 or 14, depending on which one you use.


Semis, sextile. And that semis sextile once to work together.


But it can't because it doesn't understand the second one, which means you don't understand the second one because it's your energy.


Yeah. So when it comes to you and the things that you wanna do, you figure that out first, I wanna do this, I like to do this.


This is the way my energy works.


And then you say, how does the 12th house stuff here, the way that it's come to me, the way that I can express to other people how to utilize this energy, especially when it comes to safety within expressing yourself, um, that pours into identity.


How can I be the person that offers this service or offers this, uh, ability to become the authority over this, through what I'm going to teach?


Uh, or wait, where did Saturn go up there? Yeah.


So what I'm gonna, I I new teach what I'm going to teach, uh, in my own way, right?


Creating my own thing and not feeling any sort of guilt, shame, repression, or anything from anybody else, because it's not for them.


You're supposed to be attracting people who have had this same type of visceral response.


Very accurate. Cool, cool.


We got that. Uh, Renata, and then Silas.


Renata.


There's one, there's two.


You hear Renata. I've never felt safe anywhere else like I do in circle.


Community-wise. I love it. We want to keep it like that too.


Uh, same girl. Same.


Uh, Renata. Yep. I see you there.


Here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. Hi there, Girl. Okay, Girl.


So we have lith at two degrees fo us at one.


Uh, we have this, okay.


A lot of this has to do with communication to other people.


So I'm actually gonna start the opposite way.


Even though your true Lilith, I'm sorry, your mean, Lilith comes first.


Your true Lilith comes second, but it's retrograde.


All of this is internalized energy.


And for you, it it's kind of compounded very quickly, is that when it comes to strategy around family, around, um, you know, nurturing when it comes to, to dealing with other people, being a bit more intimate, being a bit more personal, uh, with other people in terms of your own personal beliefs and whatnot, sometimes that you can feel like you have to conform to other people's beliefs, other people's, um, you, you feel like you have to strategize or you don't know how to strategize sometimes when, how to really, um, say things without hurting other people's feelings.


Yes. And yes.


And, and it, and it makes you feel like you are a problem.


Like you can't say these things. You can't communicate.


And, and then it adds in with the Chiron here, uh, which is conjunct your psyche and retrograde.


Like you. This is an identity thing.


So you don't really know who you are when you're speaking to other people because you feel like you can't be yourself, but you're trying to like, find a way to warp your mind and your mental process into a way that allows you to say something to somebody else without them feeling like they're going to retaliate verbally.


Yes, absolutely. Okay.


So the first thing is that we have to embrace the fact that, um, we have to lead it into strategy.


But we have to understand this energy first, which means lillis energy as it pertains to who we are.


Uh, you know, raw, untamed, um, and, and it's, remember it's not Gemini energy.


It's Libra energy. So as it pertains to, you know, you know, showing our value, connecting to other people who are valuable, um, finding that state of compromise and that conversation being allowed to do that through communication, through identity, and accepting for yourself who you are and your thoughts.


And then leading those in so that we're not reactionary and upset at ourselves and visceral towards ourselves, that we're leading that into, uh, a sense of re-strategizing something that is going to really assess the position that somebody is sitting in within the vibe that they're giving you.


So, you know, understanding that you should be free to say whatever you need to say, however, with it, the way that it sits in your chart saying, I, maybe I need to come at this a different direction where I'm still gonna say what I need to say, but I see you're in a vulnerable position right now, so I'm going to get to the depth of it.


I'm going to work with you, be a bit more collaborative and, you know, we are gonna talk about some serious stuff.


Is that okay? Like, kind of working it backwards and working it inwards and just having a creative way to say something.


So where you would normally say, you know, that dress sucks.


You'd be like, oh, That dress sucks.


You, you'd be like, um, oh, you felt like wearing red today, huh?


And like, you know, why did you choose red?


Just kind of pulling, pulling in that, um, that conversation to really get to like a more of a personal thing.


Like where did you know was, was that, was that dress?


I'm just making up some random conversation right now, but, you know, was that dress given to you?


You know, I know somebody who has a dress just like that.


Let them converse and you can still say the thing that you wanna say, but you're not getting upset that you weren't able to say the thing you wanna say.


You're just saying it in a roundabout way, and you're getting clarity over somebody else's personal situation.


'cause that's where you're, you're getting hung up, is you feel like you can't say, but it's because you don't understand what's going on with the other person, and you're, you're not necessarily using your creative strategy to understand their personal depth.


So we have to align with that. What's the strategy?


What is, how am I gonna connect to people on a, on a deeper level where they're going to tell me things, where it's, I'm, I don't have to constantly always re-strategize for myself.


They're gonna bring the creative strategy to me, meaning when I invoke feeling and empathy, they're going to open up to me.


And you notice that they do that anyway.


Yes. Yeah.


But with, with one of, of my closest friends, I always ask her, do you want my true opinion or do you want me to be the okay.


And she says, and I'm like, okay.


Yeah. And That's works for me.


Yeah. And, and that, like I said, that's bringing that conversation inward.


It's bringing in, but it's also, it's also feeding it into an ability to have a private conversation and talk about the things that are a bit more risque, taboo, darker, deeper traumatic.


Sometimes this energy here is like, I want to talk about this, but I feel like I might hurt their feelings.


I want to talk about this, but they might not open up.


Or no matter how much I try to like discuss this, I don't know how to approach it so I can't help them.


Yes. Right. So we have to align this energy.


First thing is Chiron, Chiron in general, in the seventh house in Libra, has to do with conversation, has to do with wounds, has to do with healing, has to do with approaching our one-to-one relationships in a way that we feel valuable and they feel valuable to us on our terms.


So it's not always about a one-to-one with somebody who has Chiron.


There sometimes it is this feeling like, and this can be very challenging, this feeling like, why aren't you listening to me?


How come I don't feel valued within this relationship?


Why aren't you letting me be a part of what you're doing?


Um, type of energy? Or why do I feel isolated?


Or why do I feel neglected? That's the word I'm looking for.


Neglected. Like, hello, I'm here.


Talk to me type of energy. Yes.


Right? Yes. So we want to, we want to invite conversation, um, with the Chiron placement here.


So we want to invite that conversation in a way that is, um, allows for a bit more of a creative talk where it's not, it's not small talk because you don't like small talk, but Yes.


But we want to invite talk that that can go somewhere.


Not necessarily in terms of like, well, I mean, there is a little bit of that, but not in terms of like adventure, whatever.


But in terms of really getting to like some, some sort of meat and potatoes is something that we don't know.


Instead of regurgitating the same crap over and over and over, it's like, you already told me this, which means you also don't like to repeat yourself.


Oh, oh, yes, yes.


Oh my God. Yes.


So, right. So while we're, while we're doing this, um, you know, we wanna we wanna operate the fact, sorry, sorry.


There's, we wanna operate the fact that these energies are all going inward.


So you can't repress this.


You can't not speak up because you feel no one's talking to you, because that just delays the silence and adds to your feeling of being ignored.


But we also wanna start becoming comfortable, um, with dead air, as we need dead air to be able to process what was said and what wasn't said.


Because that could be, the other thing is you, you can want them to talk to you to the point where the conversation's flowing, but there's stuff that hasn't fully been processed yet, and therefore you're at a position where you're not really listening anymore, or they're not listening anymore because either you haven't processed something and then you're saying something different, or they haven't processed something, and then you're still talking, and then you're like, are you even listening to me?


Yes. Yes. Logan. Absolutely.


Um, if you look at the chat, we were just talking, you are just describing what I was saying to the girls.


Absolutely. You are spot on Everything, right?


I was gonna say everything. I was gonna say that, Sharon.


It's everything we talked about the other day. Oh, wow.


So y'all having these private conversations, I have no idea what y'all would be saying.


Yeah. And we, we, we weren't even talking about, uh, li and Kyron.


We were just disgusting. Where is that coming from?


And this is just amazing. Yes. And spot on.


Spot on. Yes. Yeah.


And then obviously we attribute that to how you feel about authority and value, feeling like you have some sort of structure within being valued, also you as a woman, um, and how that feeds into your life and how you can take charge and kind of do things that maybe other women don't do type of energy.


But when you feel like you're left out of the conversation, it it detracts from that sense of value within those things.


Yes, Yes. Yeah.


And then the other thing that we see here is when it comes to your mother, and when it comes to your sense of nurturing and your sense of core self as it pertains to value and structure that you all, you, you know, you take action and all these other energies we would break down separately.


All of that is in a Quin Ks to Lilith, which means how you feel it feeds directly into these moments of, of needing these things, your security in those things.


Because while they're not directly related, it one feeds into the other one.


So it, it's like you didn't get this at home, so you expect it from these other people.


And, um, when they, when they don't deliver it, it kind of reinforces how you felt growing up. Oh My God. Yeah. Oh, I'm gonna cry. Yes.


You guys are, are so freaking kind.


Um, yeah. So I, I'm gonna leave it there. Yes.


Because I want to, obviously there's so much more that you can unpack, but I want you to realize that you have, you have a lot to offer in terms of ideas and communication when you're not trying, when you're not trying to fill a void, when you're not trying to, um, to relate to people because you're afraid to be yourself.


And, um, not, not, not putting that back on yourself.


Like there's something wrong with you when that communication doesn't happen or doesn't happen the way you want it to, or ends up ending and you didn't go as deep into the conversation as you wanted.


Like, you're allowed to speak up and say, Hey, I wanna talk about this a little bit more.


Yes. Thank you. Spot on.


All right. You okay? Yes.


Okay, good. Those are good. Those are good.


All right. I'm gonna end here. We have one more, right?


Silas, do you still want me to do yours?


Yep. I am still here.


Do you want me to do yours? I made one person cry already.


Yeah, I'm sure. I'm kidding.


I am sure you're not gonna make me cry.


We appreciate you, Renata. So happy you're here.


We wanna step into that personal power.


You have no idea how much I appreciate your astrology and this community, so thank you so much.


Thank you. Thank you. Um, that guy Tanya says, you guys have an idea.


Okay, that sounds awesome. How can one man be this good?


It's not about me being a good astrologer, it's about me teaching you guys how you can do this for yourself.


My, my thing was about how can we, of course, I'm gonna say all this and Silas gonna be like, you're so all, you're so off on this one.


But, uh, for me it was, it was how, how can we use this?


How can it be practical? How can it be accurate?


And then how can that be consistent throughout?


And we wanna do the best, um, that we can do.


And you guys are going to expand this with me, which I'm excited for because, you know, I'm gonna put in my work.


I enjoy doing this stuff, but you guys are immensely talented.


And so all of you guys are healers.


We're all, every single person on this planet is a healer, but most people reject it.


You guys are starting to step into your authenticity and understanding that you are also healers.


Meaning you have gifts, you have out worldly or outer worldly, whatever the word is, you know, with this, this energy here, you have this that contributes to, there are deep once needs and necessities, securities, and even, uh, even latent talents or things that kind of come from nowhere, that allow me to have that strength for, again, liberation, for, um, for not having to do things like other people.


And that's one thing I, I wanna just double down on is like, yes, we don't want to defy social norms to the point of rebellion where nobody likes us.


We wanna find that happy medium where it's like, no, we do this because for me, the way that this is happening, it just does not work with my energy.


And therefore, this is the way that I see the world.


This is what makes me feel safe.


This is what I can contribute.


And then all of a sudden what you're doing is you're taking the power out of and away from conformity, and you're giving it back to an individualistic expression, which is power, which allows for change and authority in terms of, you know, authority in a way that's non-conformist, in a social justice way that is not weaponized, you know, in just in a very raw, genuine way.


And that's what we're trying to do here.


Anyway, Silas, um, here is your chart.


Okay. Where you at? Oh, right there. Okay.


So we're sitting in fusion cusp area right there with yours.


So you're merging your, uh, and, and, and the fact that this is in Gemini anyway, but we're merging your second house and your third house.


So a lot of value within identity. A lot of feelings.


Like you sh you shouldn't be able to, to part of this is you shouldn't be able to speak and make money.


Mm-hmm. Yeah.


There's, there's this feeling like, you know, you can do it and you're stepping into it, and there's already a discomfort that we've talked about before with the north.


No. And the first house. The value within your sense of self in, um, and how that attributes, again, back into value.


'cause it's Aries energy, Aris, excuse me, Ari Tar.


Ay oh my goodness.


I can speak Aries, Taurus, TAUs, Gemini for you, right?


When we talk about your, uh, ascendant ruler, yeah.


And then we have these attorney and decking, which is structural.


It is, um, it is authority and for you to step into the value that contributes to the authority, because there's a, there's an element of self-love that you have.


Like you love your body, you love yourself, but you also feel ins like not comfortable with saying that, and not comfortable with actually feeling like there's true value in it.


So we have to kind of step into that with the north node.


But once we do that, you know, there's value and money within your actions and you putting value into something that could be valuable.


Something that, that, that, by the way, this is also candles.


Um, that has to do with, you know, stepping into the more feminine side of your masculine side as well, and not having any insecurities around that.


Uh, also, again, words to make money.


Um, and then all of that attributing back into, again, another fusion cusp area, which is going to bring in a lot of that self and identity in terms of the mother and the father in terms of your, uh, more nurturing side and your, your, the father side of you.


So there's, there's this feeling like, um, an insecurity around your own self, sense of self-worth.


Like also that it's not okay for you to verbally say you value yourself.


Yeah. Um, and, and I, that comes from, that comes from the family.


That comes from the family, it comes from the mother, it comes from like upbringing.


Also, your siblings have something to do with that as well, because again, you're in the fusion cusp area.


So even though it's in the second house, it's pulling energy from the third house, it, it, it's like, it's almost like within the family, that's not said.


That's not something we do.


There's just a, a sense of tradition where you are kind of, I don't wanna say that necessarily the black sheep of the family, but there's something very different about you in terms of your beliefs, in terms of the way that you see the world, in terms of the things that you wanna do.


So what you wanna do, even for career and for work, even for making money, you feel like the talents that you have and the, um, and the value behind you and pouring that into something that you can make money, especially verbally, especially with, you know, anything Gemini related, communication, writing, all of that stuff that goes into the fourth house of really expressing yourself through emotion, through a, a platform and all of that feeding back into nurturing all that, feeding back into, um, again, a very dedicated sense of purpose that is tied into, uh, safety and security for others.


It's the reason you don't like my fixing astrology series, which I just ended 'cause I didn't even like it, because it's not nurturing, it's not feeding into sense of safety and security.


And, and in fact, it's violating that.


Yeah. Yeah.


I didn't really realize that before, but I guess now that you say that, that's the reason why.


Yeah. Well, it's, it's, it's hard to articulate, remember, that's a huge part of this.


It's a, it's really hard to articulate how we, how our energies manifest, I think is my personal opinion.


It's hard to articulate how these things are without seeing it in the chart sometimes.


Like I know that I've had a lot of, not even aha moments, just like, well, that makes sense, right?


Yeah. But it's like, if I word it, I'm like, that's, that is exactly like, that set of words is exactly what that is.


And for you, when it comes to ideas, when it comes to words, when it comes to even criticism for the sake of just making something aware, making something present, uh, breathing life into something, you, you also have a sense of, um, of guilt and shame over the fact that you can speak up on those things because they are valuable to you.


And you know, that it could, it could bring awareness, it could bring a sense of vitality to something, and it, it, it comes from a place of nurturing that, that criticism.


But, and it could come out dramatic sometimes, which is why you're called that guy.


Yeah. Um, but there's, there's shame that's tied into that.


So it's like, you don't want to be that guy, which is why you always say, I don't wanna be that guy, but you need to be that guy.


That's your, that is your, your black moon.


That's your empty focus. It's your invisible mirror.


You're taking what's real.


You're knowing something that you just know, and you're reflecting it back on the principle of what's going on.


So you want to embrace that. All of this stuff.


You wanna allow the core of this, um, to be there.


Now, that's on the guilt shame part.


There's, you, you are allowed to have self-worth, Silas, and you're allowed to value communication and even intelligence.


You're allowed to, you're allowed to say you're smart.


You're allowed to be smart, you're allowed to be verbose.


You don't have to dumb yourself down because you're speaking to certain people because you're trying to articulate within a certain way that you feel others will get, even though you value words.


Yeah. I really feel like a lot of people don't understand the things that I'm saying half the time.


Yeah. That's not on you.


I mean, you can adjust and you can create, um, different things, but you don't, let me put it into my own personal context.


My best friend hates my vernacular, hates it.


He actually made me feel like I had to dumb my words down so that he, he could talk to me, not only made me feel, but told me he was, stop using these words.


Nobody knows these words.


And like, because when I was younger, I loved just looking in the dictionary, learning a new word, and I'd be like, oh my God, this thing's so excitable.


It's giving me a parm.


And he'd be like, what the does that mean?


I'd be like, well, learn it.


And, uh, you know, nobody wants to.


And, um, so I, over time I dumbed down my, my vocabulary.


And when I was getting into music, I was a hip hop artist.


And instead of increasing my vocabulary like Eminem did, I was dumbing mine down.


So I started feeling stupid.


And it was because other people literally told me those words.


No one knows those words. No one likes those words, blah, blah, blah.


But see, you see a value and an eloquence in vocabulary.


Yeah. And even things like poetry would be something you, you enjoy.


Whether you enjoy reading it or writing it, there's an element of it that you just, you think it's pretty, you like it, but other people don't.


And it may or you feel like other people wouldn't, so you don't allow yourself, or you have to do it in secret if you, you know, I secretly like these things.


Anything that has to do with the brain, anything that has to do with things that are nurturing, especially when it comes to expressing yourself, any sort of home, like being dramatic at home, home-based recreation, family games, things of that nature.


You would probably enjoy playing games with your family, but not admitting it.


Hmm. Do you vocally tell people that you like to play games with, with family?


I don't tell people that, but I mean, I guess it's not, i's not not intentional, if that makes sense.


Okay. Like, I'm not hiding it, it's just not something that I'm saying.


Is there a reason you don't express it?


Um, not that I can think of. I just, I don't know.


I just don't really like to talk about myself.


And there's the other part of it, value within yourself.


Words. Literally, you, you, you know, it's, it is okay to, to reveal, to talk about personal things in a personal setting and talk about yourself and allow that to contribute into where's your Aries, especially in a spiritual setting, especially, you know, you know, behind the scenes type of stuff, that energy is in here, but there's no shame around having value within talking about yourself.


And that's actually one of the things that's gonna be helpful, is the things that people don't know about you is going to contribute to how you, you are able to help other people.


And that's sitting right here with that spiritual stuff, with that behind the scenes sitting here at 19 and then 19 going Quin Ks up into your Chiron.


So all of that stuff that is very personal is gonna lead you into being a better teacher, being a better healer, helping other people in your own way, stepping into your own authority, over your own ideas, your own early childhood, your, the people that you know, your siblings, your communication of things that are very personal to you.


All of this is saying it's all personal and all that personal is going over here into the seventh house.


However, with all that being said, we have Lilith sitting here at 24 degrees, which is a sextile to your ascendant.


So, uh, and then the north note is there.


So feeling like you can, feeling more comfortable to step into your own value, especially as it pertains to self worth value and being able to speak on that.


There's Lilith here.


So there's a lot of that again, that when it comes to how you feel about things and when it comes to the things that you value, you have this dichotomy here because your, uh, your ascendant ruler is in the same house as your, uh, as your mean Lilith.


But then you have your ascendant in a sex tile with both polys and Lilith.


So your strategy is like strategically speaking things that are very personal to you, things that you feel like you can relate to other people on a deeper level, especially when it comes to psychology and, uh, where people came from and their roots and their default programming.


You're very quick to kind of quickly strategize in your own way.


Like, it, it's not even as much of a logical process as it is a, uh, a raw feeling, a more emotionally based process where it's not that I'm, I'm actively putting your words together to figure out what you're saying in communicating and what you actually mean.


As much as I can tell from your tone, I can tell from your, um, I'm just getting a feeling.


I don't know where it's coming from, but I'm getting a feeling and you, yeah.


You don't even know somebody, but, you know, I don't like that person.


It's probably the same reason why I supposedly sound angry to everybody.


But you're still here.


Yeah. I don't really mind.


I'm right because I, I could, I could definitely hear, I know it's not anger.


I mean, 'cause I, I have people like around me like that they, I I know it's not anger.


Like I Yeah, you could tell the difference.


Some people can, you can, because you have an emotional, you, you have have with Lilith sitting there in your third house, conjunct, polys, but also coming through cancer, going into Libra, Not conjunct, but with the south node in Scorpio's energy and all of that.


That's up here. Yeah. Leading even further.


It's, it's, you're coming down to, you have this raw ability to expand out on the nurturing and emotional aspect on something just because you know something you don't know logically, but it feeds into you knowing logically.


So it's starting out as an emotional process into something.


You know, here's a good example of what I mean.


You, you're the type of person that can read something and you know what the person intended by it, even though the words you read did not match the intention that you're saying, Yeah, He said this, but I know he meant this type of energy.


No, I feel like that's, that's the reason why I'm always like correcting what you're saying on live.


Yeah. Making you sound a little bit more approachable.


Exactly. And, and you want to, you, you feel like you have to, but when you, when it comes to actually doing it and saying it, you are, you, you have shame around your words.


So it's like a contradiction.


So you are, you're like, I don't, I, I know I shouldn't do this, but this is how I'm feeling, or this is how other people might be feeling that.


And and there's a timid, a timidness that comes from that.


I want you to start owning the power.


You have a power for this. There's absolutely value in these things because it's other people aren't catching it.


And more importantly, because it's Aries action, right?


It's coming from Aries. Other people aren't saying it.


Yeah. I always used to make this joke like a little bit before that I am, that I'm basically PR trained.


I've never gotten any type of PR training, but Right.


And that's all that fourth house cancer energy that you have, but that's also your Lilith, your Lilith comes from that type of energy.


And that's why he's that guy. They said, Tanya said.


Um, but yeah, like I said, it's like you would also know, and you've also pointed out, when I was not showing any anger or expression of any emotion, you were like, what's wrong? You've said that before.


Yeah. And I, and, and the first time you did it, I was like, did I say something?


Was I what? But I literally just came from probably a TikTok comment or something stupid and came on the live.


And you, you, you asked me, but you felt like you weren't allowed to ask me.


So we wanna start, my point being is that we wanna start embracing your authenticity.


We wanna start bracing, you know, there's no shame in you and the things that you enjoy doing.


There's no, no shame in your talents and your skills and your cerebral talents as well.


Anything that you can do with your hands, anything that you, you, um, you know, we've talked about you really stepping into yourself, but you have a an artistic way of communicating, and you want to allow the eloquence of your communication to shine through because it's something a lot of people don't have.


There's no shame in it.


You don't have to speak the way other people speak.


You know how to convert that into something that people already know how to, to, to understand.


So allow yourself to do that.


You have a power, you have a gift.


Especially if you're starting to run a business.


We have to offer everybody here, you guys are wanting to run a business.


You gotta understand these things.


If you don't understand these things, you're not gonna be able to run the business.


And you lilith, especially your osculating, Lilith is the core of who you really are on a safe, secure, bottom line.


This is what I want. This is what I need, type of energy.


You need words that emote and you need them to not wound.


To not wound. Yeah. It's this energy up here.


You don't wanna create any long lasting wounds.


So while if you're gonna say something, it's, it's to fix it, but not to hurt anyone's feelings.


Yeah.


But that doesn't mean you're gonna shy away from things that are, let's say, dirtier or more in depth or getting into the psychology or talking about the trauma.


It's not about that. It's about the intention behind it. Does that make sense?


Yeah, that makes sense. I also think it was funny a little earlier you mentioned poetry.


I mean, I don't really do poetry, but I was thinking, I mean, instead of writing a book, what if I just like write like a poetry book thing?


I don't know, something I was thinking about doing.


I, I don't, I don't really do poetry.


I don't do poetry guys, guys. I don't do Yeah, do it.


Do it. Express yourself. Yeah.


It, it's something you really want.


I'm not making fun of you, by the way.


I know that kind of came off that way. Do it.


I'm just highlighting that, I'm highlighting that that lith that's sitting there.


Like there's something wrong with it.


There's nothing wrong with it.


Yeah. I feel like it's actually a bit more of the Chiron 'cause only because, um, you know, people quote poetry, but it's like quotes are, quotes are for old people.


Really. I mean, I am old, so I can't, Well, I, when I say quotes are full, I don't mean like, I can't quote people.


I'm saying that like you was like, people don't quote young people.


Like that's not a thing that people do.


Like I can't make quotes.


Who said that? Who said you can't make quotes?


I mean, I see it. Do you see it in your chart?


I mean, I feel like it's something that I saw. I don't know. Mm-hmm.


It's right here. It's your chart. Ruler north node chart.


I gotta stay stop saying chart. Ruler. Not a thing.


Ascendant ruler. It's your ascendant ruler sitting here in a semis sex tower with Saturn, which is your Chiron ruler.


This is that feeling. But in reality, you have to the age thing, the, the, uh, I, I bring up your age all the time to test you.


Yeah. You, you have to really embrace the fact that there's a maturity that you have that does not, is not defined by age.


And it, it leads into an emotional maturity that helps you connect to other people.


The, the, the age itself and the expansiveness and the belief systems that you have around it.


Because of Chiron sitting retrograde within this ninth house.


It, it's something you revisit.


It has to do with, uh, you know, the criticisms that you feel inwardly around age.


And like I said, I, I only do it because I, I like to poke the bear.


So that's kind of my lith energy is I like to do, do, do, see what happens.


Um, but you know, for you, what I need you to start doing is I need you to embrace, yeah man, you're 20 and in two years you'll be 22.


And we're not gonna wait until Silas is 54 years old.


Because even then you're gonna be like, well, I'm talking to 70 year olds now and they're not gonna listen to a 50-year-old.


This is always gonna be a problem if you don't use it.


We want to take your actions and your value and everything.


We wanna lead that into something that is authentically yours that allows you to bridge the gap between ages, because that's something you get to do that o other people don't get to do.


But you have to find a way to take you your words, your value, your self-worth, and feed it into your emotional maturity, not your age as a number.


And we have to feed it into positive belief systems that you're unique.


There's something authentic about you.


You're literally bridging the old with the new.


So your physical age doesn't really matter, but how you relate to other people absolutely does matter.


And you have a gift to do that.


Nice.


We're gonna let go of that. I'm, I mean, I'm still gonna poke you, poke the bear, but, um, you know, we wanna, you want to realize that you have an opportunity to do something that a lot of people don't.


When I was your age, I did not have my head on my shoulders.


I definitely didn't believe in astrology.


I didn't have any guidance or anything like that.


And it's not really about the age as much as I'm just reflecting on a time in my life.


You're at the current time of your life and it's, you know, it's going to be whatever experiences you make of it without insecurity within your own experiences due to age.


That's up here. Belief, experience, adventure.


Allow yourself to expand within the confines of systems.


Allow yourself to do things that are more mature and without any sort of insecurity around it.


If you end up on a call, you're gonna, at some point, you're gonna end up on a call.


Especially if you end up cert, being certified here is you're going to have to read for me and I'm Yeah, double your age more than, and, uh, you know, I don't care what your age is.


I care, can you read this system of astrology?


Meaning when I put you out in the world, I mean, you're putting yourself out in the world, but when I say yes, you're certified, can you actually help those people?


That's what I care about.


Nobody's gonna care about your age, but you, and maybe a couple of weird, weird, why is that slightly terrifying.


It's like nobody's gonna get certified 'cause nobody wants to read for me.


Yeah. Ekra called you out. His Chiron said that.


Yeah, Yeah. We're gonna work with Chiron.


You have a lot of gifts, uh, Silas, and we need to, we need to embrace this.


Otherwise, what we're gonna have is a bunch of people learning alchemistic, astrology, not really applying it, trying a business, being too afraid to, to do their business failing, and then wishing they never learned astrology.


That's like the worst thing for me.


I wanna see the opposite.


I wanna see people learn alchemistic, astr be like, oh, damn, this is real.


I learned it. I used it.


I'm a millionaire. I want to see that.


Gotta gotta add that correction.


Which correction? Billionaire. Yeah. Or the whole thing.


That's what I want. I feel like you're the authority in astrology.


Damnit, that's very kind of you.


I I don't see myself as the authority.


I don't want to be the authority. Thanks, Silas.


Is that, was that helpful for you?


It was. Okay, good. A little upset.


I didn't get any tears, but that's fine. Um, It takes a lot to get me to cry.


You gotta do a lot Uhhuh. You don't think I can do it?


I don't know. Challenge accepted. Okay.


Um, so this type of energy, uh, here, you see this Chiron that's sitting up here in 24, 24 degrees.


I don't wanna manage anybody.


Tanya, you know this, you got Kyron in the 10th, you get it.


I don't wanna manage anybody.


When people like saying all kinds of stuff about me, I'm like, there's no way I could ever do what they're saying that I'm doing because that I got that energy there.


I don't want to be a manager.


I don't want to be the authority.


I stand in my authentic authority.


But at the end of the day, I've also mentioned I don't believe that I'm the best astrologer because I don't, I don't believe that.


I truly believe I am not the best astrologer.


No employees for me.


Employees can cause issues with me, but that's, that's because of some other energies this into this.


Um, but yeah, I mean, oh no employees to manage as well.


Yeah. If I, when I did have employees, I didn't manage them.


I just said, come in, do your thing.


But, um, I don't wanna be the authority.


I, I wanna be respected.


That would be great, but I don't wanna be the authority.


So I want to be able to teach you guys and I want you guys to be able to be your own authority to be able to do all kinds of amazing things in this world.


Um, but yeah, it's at the end of the day, I know there will always be people better than me.


I'm pretty good at most of what I do when I put my mind and energy into it.


But there's always someone better.


And at the end of the day, when it comes to even alchemistic astrology, whether it's one of you guys in this room or listening to this replay or somebody else that comes in the future, there's going to be somebody who's gonna surpass me.


Now. I created it.


I got a little bit of a headstart, but there's, someone's gonna come along and just be able to read better.


And some of you guys, I've watched you read using my system, which is obviously, I don't know how to put that in words, how awesome that is to see, but I've watched you guys read and you've touched on things that I would've never said in a reading.


I never would've said it, but it was correct.


And I verified it and I was like, that's awesome.


So I've watched some of you guys break certain things down.


I've read, sometimes it's not right, you're learning.


But every once in a while somebody will hit something and I'll be like, that's awesome that I never would've pointed that out.


And that's why I say I'm not the best astrologer because astrology is one of those things that once we get the foundations and the understanding the mechanics, we bring in the spiritual aspect and then our own interpretation, which is our own art form.


We merge all of that into, uh, this what'll end up happening is we'll have a bunch of alchemistic astrologers who are using the same system saying different things, but none of them conflict.


And that's gonna be a really great time for astrology.


Uh, yeah, I don't want employees either success ruler, semi semis, sex semi Saturn.


Yeah. So there's a way to use that where there's a certain type of employee, um, but not necessarily ones that you're managing or are being governed under you or anything like that.


Are there any other questions?


Uh, to round out this Black Moon Lilith?


I hope you guys, um, gained value and insight over Black Moon Lilith.


It's one of those things that's really hard to find really good information on Black Moon Lilith.


It's one of those things that without the testing and really seeing it play out, it could be hard to understand or interpret, which is why I took that extra time with you guys to go through multiple charts so you could see it and then obviously get the reaction from it.


I just said that in our OG chat the other day.


I don't know which part that was, but that's great.


Uh, if there are no questions, I will round this out.


Um, you guys can stick around if you want for a couple of posts.


Let me do the closing, the outro.


This was the Taming and Embracing Black Moon Lilith webinar.


Um, vibe Hire.




NOTE*
In the Additional Objects accordion in Astro.com’s Extended Chart Selection—in the Manual Entry box—enter h13 to display Osculating (True) Black Moon Lilith).