True Placements + Base & Intro to Spark:


Welcome y'all to the true placements with base webinar.


For those of you who are rewatching this, here we are, for those of you're here, we're gonna have a q and a.


Um, that's gonna be a big component of this because what we're doing is we're taking everything from the true placements webinar that we've already done, which is the understanding that mechanically speaking, there are two wheels that comprise your natal chart.


The, the inner wheel is the one that we really need to focus on more because it is the core, it's actually the houses as they are split based on the Aries point when it spins and rotates.


So we're talking about the rotation of the Earth.


The zodiac signs are about the revolution of the earth around the sun.


So we have both of those. We have the orientation, and then we have the field that we run through.


So the orientation is what most people skip.


This is what we talk about all the time, because it's so important because they keep ignoring it.


When I say they, I'm talking about other astrologers, other systems of astrology.


Literally most astrology ignores this inner, uh, wheel, which we know is houses.


But people skip it all the time.


They're like, oh, what's your son? I was born in June.


So it's like, son in Gemini.


It's like, Hmm, no, the orientation of my son.


The personal, very close, uh, actual placement is Aquarius.


It's, it's an 11th house sun.


And it's not just like this added detail that comes later.


It's the most important detail.


It's the one that comes first.


So before we even get to Gemini themes, before we express ourselves outwardly, we are hitting this part, this part first.


So this is why when we're looking at a natal chart, and this is the natal chart of Mr.


Elvis Presley, just for funsies.


We know that he's a Sagittarius rising, yada yada.


Um, when we're looking at this energy here, anything that we're talking about, and by the way, when we're talking about true placements, it applies to all placements, meaning the ascendant at 12 degrees, uh, being an Aries ascendant, everyone on this planet is an Aries ascendant because the ascendant is always anchored into the first house, and then it expresses itself through Sagittarius.


Sagittarius then goes into Pisces.


We talked about this on the true placement because the 12th house is always piy and energy.


And then that expresses at this degree in this deck, in through this sign.


Now, I'm also gonna get into Spark later, which is degree.


It's our version of degree theory that actually works.


I am not going to address that right now, but it is coming.


It's in my book. I fixed astrology.


And it's super important because it becomes your entry point into the energy moving forward.


But we're not talking about the energy moving forward.


We're actually talking about bi-directional rulership right now for this webinar, which is why we called it true placements with base in alchemistic astrology.


The base energy is the bi-directional energy that we are pulling from.


We want to know through planetary rulership, which means even though true placements apply to every single energy that's sitting in this chart, we are only going to apply it to the 10 ruling planets.


You can't get a base outside of the 10 ruling planets.


You can only get that from those because they're the ones that connect life together.


They're the ma major overarching themes.


So we're talking about the sun, we're talking about Mercury, moon, Venus, Mars, all the way out to Pluto, just those 10.


So they make up the iCal positioning.


And all of this is gonna happen through what we call delegates.


Now, delegates is a second step, a a second stage, but it does go within your analyzing of the chart.


So what we're gonna do here is we're just gonna go to, um, Elvis Presley's sun placement just to start.


It's the easiest one.


We'll do the sun, we'll do the moon so that we can understand how we would read this in a chart.


Now, some of you guys, and this is kind of the danger of reading a chart that we know the person's energy from, I'm actually going to go find somebody's chart that we don't know in this webinar, create it, and then I'm, we're going to interpret it and read it, and then I'm gonna tell you who it is.


So, um, starting with the sun, if I want to reach into a chart, and I want to understand the sun placement, what are the themes of the sun, right?


We know that it's vitality.


We know it's record, recreation and play.


We know it's how somebody expresses themselves.


We know that it's the relationship with the father.


We know that that is, um, you know, those themes, they are Leo themes because the sign is the, the house.


The house and the sign are together.


And then the planet rules that, which means all three of those interject, sign, planet House, all those themes mix and merge.


The only exception with that is, um, Gemini, Virgo and Mercury, right?


Because it does split out Mercury.


Whether or not that was a, um, inferior or or superior position is what says inferior meaning Mercury's position between the earth and the sun creates Gemini's themes outside on the other side, which is superior, which is a way it's going towards the outside is Virgos position.


When we're talking about Venus does the same thing.


It can be between us. It could be on the other side.


Between us is Taurus is a very personal self type of energy.


And then on the other side, it's expressing outwardly, which is Libras energy.


So inferior versus superior.


When we split those out, that's how we get those between those two PTIs, those four zodiac signs.


So the sun here, which represents all those Leo themes, is expressing itself.


Like I said, when we dive deeper, we'll get into the degree, we'll get into the deck and we might touch on it here.


Um, and then we get into the sign.


But the first thing that we care about is none of those things.


First thing that we care about is the field in, in Alchemistic, sorry, sorry.


Purple. Like in Alchemistic, astrology, we care about the field.


The field is the house.


So also in my book, I'm gonna outline this, but for you guys in Mystic Circle, we're gonna have a place in Mystic portal as we start growing that wiki that you guys will be able to go to and access.


So, um, mystic portal is gonna be a lot of things, recipes, rituals, a wiki, uh, articles, thoughts, energy forecast, tarot forecast.


Anything that we feel like we want to express or put is just gonna go there.


And you'll have access to it. It has a great search feature.


It's gonna be organized by hashtags and whatnot, and it's gonna be compartmentalized.


So you can go find what you want, uh, as quickly as possible.


But it allows us to expand on everything we want to teach and share, parenting, entrepreneurship, all that kind of good stuff.


We want to get it all out there.


Um, but anyway, yeah, the field field is the house.


By the way, I'll, I'm gonna break this down real quick for you.


In case you hear me say these words, it's gonna be important.


The degree through degree theory in alchemistic, astrology is called the spark.


The reason it's called that is it's literally your first engagement within the energy.


And you know what? F**k it. I'm gonna, I'm just gonna say it when you're looking at a, um, I can't do it with this one.


It'll be confusing. So gimme a second.


I'm just gonna break it down.


Uh, Tina, you're in here, right? You still in here?


Can I use your chart? Yeah, you can use my chart. Thank you.


I just know your urinary is rising, so it's, it's gonna help me.


So you 19 people and whoever watches this are gonna be privy to this before the book launches, but I'm tired of skirting around this damn thing.


Okay? So ignore the planets. We're just looking here.


Basically what we're gonna do is we're gonna look at Aries and Tars.


So introduction to Spark real quick.


Spark's actually very, very simple degree theory as it sits in other systems of astrology, uh, specifically through a guy named Nicola something, I can't pronounce his last name.


This guy perpetuated degree theory.


Um, he recently just passed away.


So it's all within our lifetime, right?


This is an, an ancient technique.


It's not an ancient term, it's actually very new.


However, the way that he saw it was very, very wrong.


And everything in astrology has to have a purpose.


It has to have a mechanical purpose, meaning, like I talk about all the time, celestial mechanics, how the earth actually operates, right?


When we're talking about Black Moon Lilith, which we've talked about many, oops, many a time, this is the mechanics of Black Moon Lilith, the empty focus, which becomes the black moon, the perge over here, that becomes this link between this point and this point, which becomes Priapus or what we've renamed as black, uh, white moon, Sophia, super important stuff.


Uh, when we're looking at Chiron's orbit path and understanding, well, what does Chiron imbue embody and exhibit?


It is this purple line that goes between this red, yellow and, and uh, green line of Jupiter's orbit, Saturn's orbit, and Uranus's orbit.


This is extremely important, leads us into the astronomical doctrine of signatures, which ties the whole thing together because it's like, oh, the astronomy actually matters.


So when we're talking about these degrees, sorry, this one, and we're looking at what degree means something, Nicholas version of degree theory, which ultimately led to pop astrology degree theory, which includes like 5 17, 29 being famed degrees, even though Leo is not an outward expression, uh, 22 being the killer be killed degree, which is completely useless and senseless.


Um, but it's a Capricorn degree.


They included 18, which would've been a Virgo degree.


Now, none of those degrees are right?


So just get that out of your head. Now, what is right?


Well, before I get to that, I need to identify one more thing.


That's a problem. They use one as Aries, two as Tars, three as Gemini.


And look, I associate those based on houses.


So when I'm doing, um, true placements and I'm rotating the chart in the head, like if somebody says, oh, I'm a Sagittarius rising, what is the 11th house like?


That happened on TikTok live yesterday.


I said, okay, well Sagittarius is nine.


So if I'm gonna go back two houses to get to 11, nine minus two is seven.


I know it's Libra. That's just how I do it in my head.


That's why I'm so quick with it, because I love numbers, I love patterns, and it just works that way.


Not everybody will be able to do it that way, but if that works for you, great, take it.


Run with it. The problem with what they did with degree theory is they kept saying zero.


I don't know what to do with zero.


Zero, uh, is an, is a just whatever, right?


Sharon's, like that's how you do it.


Yes, I convert everything to numbers.


Um, so zero is a, as they say, is this pure energy?


If it's zero degrees Aries, it's pure Aries, yeah, the purity degree, right?


Jasmine, zero degrees of tars, it's pure tars, zero degrees of Gemini's, pure Gemini.


So if you have something that sits at zero degrees cancer in degree theory through other systems, specifically Nicholas, they say that zero degrees cancer is pure cancer.


It's cancer, it's a cancer degree because it's sitting in cancer.


Now, this is stupid like, sorry, I don't know how to say it any nicer.


It's just dumb. What's the mechanism that makes this happen?


We can't, we cannot assign arbitrary semi or pseudo observational techniques to something without understanding the me, the mechanism that actually makes this thing happen.


Now, I don't know what there could be.


There's nothing that aligns with it.


I tried it, uh, back in 2023 right before we move.


So it was like may, June of 2023.


I was trying to take Nicola's degree theory and force it in, and my readings were getting all kinds of messed up.


My accuracy was taking a little bit of a hit there and it was very embarrassing.


So I scratched it, got rid of it, and I just kind of shelved it.


Everyone asked me, is degree theory real? I just said, no.


I know it's not at least in his term, but I've always held onto that because I'm like, look, I understand with astrological ages, there's a certain progression, right?


We go phase of cancer.


Where the hell did phase of cancer come from?


How do we come from the phase of Gemini?


How are we in the astrological age of uh, Pisces?


And then next is Aquarius, which is a reverse mechanism.


Now, in my book I explained to you, you'll know how all that works.


We'll obviously be talking about that in the future in Mystic Circle because you need to align with that as well.


When it comes to de degree theory, what we're doing is we are turning right, like I said, the earth rotates once and then moves, right?


That's its orbital shift around the sun.


Well, that orbital shift on the declination, every single time the earth turns, we move up a notch because we're moving in orbit, which means the sun moves.


This is the declination of the sun based on every single rotation.


This is actually what creates an ongoing field.


I shouldn't use field because that's houses, but an ongoing system of perpetual motion through the zodiac signs where each degree equates to one revolution of the sun's declination path.


Now, I don't know if that's without visuals, you know, I don't know if that's hitting, but let's just explain what happens.


Whenever you talk about Aries, what you're actually talking about is zero, not one.


So when, as soon as you assigned one to Aries, you were already wrong.


Aries is never one, except for in houses.


It is only one in houses.


But in terms of how do you calculate the Aries point, it is zero degrees of the sun's declination, meaning our relationship with the sun based on the equator.


Where is it sitting in in the height? Heightened depth?


It's sitting at zero. So zero degrees is Aries.


What does that mean? One revolution, one notch forward.


What is when we hit that, what do we hit? We hit one degree.


When we hit one degree. Well, it can't be Aries.


We came from Aries. So now it's Taurus.


And then once we hit the next one, we've done one more revolution.


We've hit the next degree. What are we at Gemini?


Two degrees is the third sign.


So what ends up happening is we go through blah, blah, blah.


When we hit 11 degrees, we hit Pisces.


11 is a Pisces degree, which means Bertini here 12 degrees with her.


Mercury is an Aries degree.


If you were trying to do it in his system, it would've been a Pisces degree.


It is not. It is an Aries degree. I speak sharply directly.


I think something because it's a new thought or it's something that, here it is, it's a thought.


It's something I wanna say something.


I wanna get out there without even going into the base, the true placement, anything.


It is taking action on something because I want to, and it's expressed even further into the sun deck.


And I want to, I want to, because I want to. 'cause it's me.


'cause I can. That's teeny.


So when we are going further, once we've hit that, like I said, we've recycled, right?


We've gone from the 11 degree Pisces, now we're into the 12th degree, which is Aries.


We go all the way to 23.


We hit Pisces again, 24 Aries all the way to 29, which is a Virgo degree.


So what happens after this?


Now in the other systems, it recycles, it resets, right?


It is zero degrees was Aries, uh, zero degrees was Taurus, and then one degree was Aries.


Again. But it doesn't work like that because nothing's resetting.


Everything is in perpetuity.


It's in perpetual motion or what you call an esra in astronomy, proper motion.


It keeps going.


So therefore, once we have hit Virgo at 29 degrees in Taurus, we've actually hit at zero degrees a Libra degree, and then it continues.


The first degree is a Scorpio degree, the second degree is a Sagittarius degree.


The third degree is the Capricorn degree.


Gets all the way to the end and guess what?


It ends on Pisces.


And then by the time we hit the third sign, we are going from Pisces to zero degrees.


What's after Pisces? Aries.


So the way that this actually works is that it's perpetually revolving through the zodiac in every two signs.


It does reset back at Aries, which means when you're looking at a chart and you're looking for the degree, what you're looking for is, are the signs odd or are the signs even?


Which one are they? If you're in an odd sign, right?


Based off of natural rulership, not your chart, natural rulership, that means Aries, Gemini, Leo, Libra, Sagittarius, Aquarius.


Those are your six. These are always gonna start with Aries at zero degrees.


If you're at the other six, the Evens, Taurus, cancer, Virgo, Scorpio, Capricorn, Pisces, then you're gonna be starting at zero degrees with Libra.


Now, the easiest way to calculate this, if you're like me and you like numbers, is if I'm looking at a sign like Virgo, which I know isn't even, which means it starts at Libra, instead of trying to count through all of these, what I'm gonna do is 22 and I do it by mods of 12, 22 would be Capricorn, but I gotta add one because everything ships by one because zero starts it.


So it's an Aquarius degree, except it's not an Aquarius degree because it's not an even, it is an odd.


So all I do is go to the opposite sign.


What is the opposite sign of Aquarius Leo?


So for Tini, uh, south node and her north node, because they sit at the same exact degree, this is a Leo degree for her.


So when she reads this, her south node comes through themes of the father, recreation expression, sense of self, sense of existence, and then goes through Taurus and then goes through Virgo.


That is Spark. Now, I wasn't gonna teach this until after the book came out, but there's plenty in the book that you guys have never heard of that I think this is gonna ruin anything.


But we will do spark.


Thank you Tini for letting me use your chart.


That is spark. Now this is something that took me a couple days to figure out, but I figured it out and I use it now.


Um, again, without understanding that mechanism, we couldn't have this.


So whenever you're looking at your chart and you're looking at the degrees, now you understand.


Now this is an additional tool in the toolkit for when you guys want to learn how to do a birth time rectification.


Because you can look at somebody's ascendant and if they're talking about the way that they engage in their motivations and emerge from the world to actually take action on something and they're talking about something that aligns more with the degree before, the degree after the sign, before sign, after you know that their birth time is off, or if you're calculating it, it can help you really pinpoint that birth time.


Alright? So now we're back here.


We know that now we're talking about, uh, Elvis.


So he has in a even, or I'm sorry, in an odd uh, 'cause it's nine, right?


So an odd house sign, it stays normal.


Zero would be, uh, Aries. 12 is Aries.


So it's all about pioneering, doing something solo, uh, taking action, you know, impulse.


That is all the physical body, that is all where his motivations, his emergence into the world come in, drives him into what he's gonna do, which goes into his 12th house.


This the, oh my gosh, the accuracy.


Yeah, it gets crazy accurate once you learn all this stuff.


Like I said, there's a reason why I'm so accurate.


It's not because I, I don't do any astrology like anybody else.


I do it this way because it works.


Now you know the mechanical side.


Once you understand the mechanical side, then apply it to all the spiritual stuff you want.


But we gotta understand what's really happening when it's happening.


So what we're looking at here is this has now become a here, you know, an introduction to spark.


But the purpose of this webinar was to say, well, how do we take a true placement used Bidirectionality, understand through a delegate the base.


So again, degree is spark, decken is pulse, sign is tone, house is field, and then the um, bi-directional rulership or basically because we're talking about the sun in this one, the sun is coming from Leo.


So the Leo energy, the house, that is where Leo is becomes the base.


Repeat that please. Sure.


The degree is the spark.


Um, by the way, the planet is the focus.


So the planet is the focus, the degree is the spark, the decking is the pulse.


The sign is the tone. The house is the field.


And wherever the sun came from, the focus came from.


So the sun is the ruler of Leo, right?


'cause we're only doing ruling planets.


We're gonna go find Leo and the house that Leo governs is the base.


So it's a Sagittarius base for his son, for Elvis's son.


Now this is why when you book a reading, I can't go through all this detail.


So we can only get so hyper specific.


But if it's something we really want to dive into and we've got extra time, or if it's something that you are doing on your own and you're diving into, this is what you're going to do, I can do a lot of this very quickly in my head, which is why I have that accuracy.


And you will have that accuracy as well.


The more you do this, the more you understand.


As soon as you see a number, you'll know the spark.


Soon as you see the pulse, you'll be like, okay, cool.


That's the next entry point. Spark pulse.


Before you ever get to tone, you don't even get to tone.


And this is the irony, this is why I laugh about it all the time, is people want to do sign zo or they want to do planet Zodiac Sign planet zodiac sign planet.


Zodiac sign doesn't mean anything.


Planet spark, first thing actually planet and po planet and field, rather the house that we're talking about.


First thing, the planet becomes the focus.


The way that it enters is the spark.


The next stage, literally, the next way you dive into that energy is the pulse.


It is the decken. And once you've, you've gotten through the decken, it universally expresses through basically the stained glass window, it becomes the tone.


And I selected these words very specifically.


First off, I wanted a musical resonance behind it because we're talking about numbers and frequency and music is like the ultimate in my opinion.


But more importantly, we're talking about succession.


We're talking about spark, igniter, pulse, the thing that keeps it going.


Tone the general method that we carry forward.


The field is where we're sitting.


The base is where did it come from?


And then the planet itself is a hyper focus.


So there is a difference, by the way, between the fifth house and the son, the fifth house and the fifth house ruler.


The fifth house is a field.


It is a general set of information. It is an area of life.


It is not my father, it is the father in my life.


This is something that we'll discuss later is when we talk about the focus versus the field.


Focus versus field is very important because if I want information on my father in my chart, I should pull up mine real quick and then we'll come back to Elvis.


So much info, good. This is why we record these.


So you can come back and rewatch 'em too. What's my name?


Say my name. Alright, so the sun for me, um, right here, focus, watch it five times over.


So here is the spark.


Here is the pulse, here is the field, here is the tone.


The base is this channel is aspects.


I'm sorry, I forgot to say that, but yes, doesn't really apply to what I'm teaching today, so I totally forgot it.


But yeah, channel is aspects. What is channeling through?


That's what it really means.


What is channeling through like a current, what is channeling through that energy?


The aspects, it's how it's aspected.


Remember in alchemistic, astrology aspects are not bidirectional.


They only energy flow only goes one way.


And that's why it's called a channel coming from here, coming into this and then going somewhere else.


That is the flow of the aspects.


It's always theia because that's the way the earth spins.


So my father is right here.


How the father represents in my life, the field of it is here, but my father is then also represented right here.


Like a radio frequency with channels tuned in.


Exactly like I said, I wanted to keep it with music is exactly it.


I was actually in my book.


I actually, I think I describe it through am fm radio focus versus field is actually really helpful for me.


Yeah, focus versus field is super helpful because you're talking about, are we talking about the father in terms of who he actually is or are we talking about the father in terms of like how he impacted me on like, on whatever level in existence he was.


Because this fifth house is not the father, although we say it is the fifth house is the representation of the father in your life.


Its ruler is the father, and the son is the father.


So how these impact each other is much more important than this.


Not, or I shouldn't say much more important, much more focused.


Okay, so we have that.


Um, let's go back to this whole point of this.


This is supposed to be an easy webinar, so let's try to get through, try, okay, so we've done spark, pulse, field tone, and my baby is trying to hijack this webinar.


Ashley just had to catch up. Holy s**t.


Okay, so I hope you're learning makes sense personally when I think about my dad.


There you go. This is how it works, right?


Alright, so what we're trying to understand here, could fifth House be my birth father and son is my stepfather?


Uh, it's both, but you have to understand father figures are universal, but your stepfather doesn't equate to your natural father in totality because of, um, derivative astrology.


I actually don't even touch on derivative astrology in my book because I, I don't really want to go down that rabbit hole, but derivative astrology, I might do a chapter, lemme remind Ashley.


Not a chapter, a paragraph, uh, paragraph derivative astrology in book or subchapter.


I'll probably do a subchapter at the end.


Anyway. Um, the clarification here is so f*****g spot on.


Well, we want you to learn how to do this for realsies.


This is why I can't teach this on TikTok mean.


Nobody has, nobody's actually trying to learn there.


It's why I'm here. Anyway, let's get to it.


The sun rules this, which means Elvis Presley's son has a Sagittarius space.


But, and you could leave it at that.


You could be like, okay. So the way that he expresses himself is in the, is through, uh, talent is through, um, money and value.


And then you can, you know, you can explain all the rest of this at 17 degrees in an even sign.


Uh, we know that that would be, uh, Virgo, Pisces, right?


So it would be a through, um, either, uh, loss or lack or music or spirituality or ethereal.


That's how he expresses himself is through those things.


Within talent, uh, within the talent pulse, it's always about the music or the value or the money or the whatever, uh, within sustainability, structure, career, public image, whatever that all that channel's through, pardon the word, because channel is actually aspect, but you get the point.


It's how it flows through. It's the energy flow.


But that sun is a delegate as well.


So while there's bidirectional rulership, which is really the foundational of just how everything's connected, because it rules this and this has a bunch of stuff in it, it comes very natural to him.


It's something that is learned.


It has to do with his connection to his family and his mother.


But more importantly, ignore Celine because we don't use that.


It's a hypothetical point that shouldn't be showing up.


I've gotta remove it. Um, black Moon Lilith is there, which means there is guilt and shame.


There is this deep knowing when it's just him.


But there's guilt and shame when it comes to culture and spirituality.


There is a desire, a raw desire to include something expansive, something international, uh, something cultural in what he does through his expression.


That's where the delegate portion comes from, is that this is a main motivator of his son.


So all of the money, it's like he already knew how to make it.


He, he had a very raw instinctual drive of, in a perfect world, this is how I would do things, but not always, uh, able to channel that into something that, um, made sense for him.


So therefore, instead of spending his money on what he wanted, he got somebody else to manage it, which the son also represents the father.


And the father mismanaged it because the father whole story for Elvis Presley.


But you're taking that black moon Lilith in with the son.


So not only is it your expression, but it is also the father's expression.


So if you have negative things in your chart with your son placement, they come from your father, your relationship with your father and express through.


This is why alchemy is so important because we want to identify patterns and say, you know what?


This is happening. This is expressing, this is where it's coming from because it's the same energy.


And this is how I want to avoid patterns from my father.


Avoid patterns from grandfathers or father figures.


And I will pull in a sense of healthy ego and a sense of expression and purpose that is legitimately mine.


And there are other factors into the chart that help you with that.


Plus how it channels.


You have your vertex in the ninth house 'cause his is in the eighth, uh, and it's not in the fusion cusp area.


So that, that vertex is, um, is really important as well.


Like I mentioned before, uh, I'm not gonna dive into the Vertex, like I said, I want you to read something in this book.


But the Vertex contributes to burnout.


And for you, burnout comes from overwhelm or giving advice.


And there's, there's more to it for you also overworking your body, uh, in the sake of trying to, uh, likely perform for somebody.


Um, yeah, for yours, Renata, uh, let's see.


An says, my son and Kyron are in the same house.


Could that mean that I am carrying some of my dad's stuff?


Yes, it'd be it. And it depends on if Chiron comes first.


This is something we would analyze separately.


Chiron comes first, the sun comes first. Are they conjunct?


Are they in, in, uh, injunction?


Are they in a semis, sex tile?


Because in the same house they could be conjunct, adjunct, uh, semis, sextile or no relation whatsoever.


Um, and then we would process that.


Like I said, the energy flow is extremely important.


The order, the, uh, major and minor aspects that are being made, the rulership, it, it all factors in.


What we're trying to hone in here is the order of actually doing it.


So I, like I said, I don't wanna deviate too far from this, but this is how we would read that.


Now, if we jump over to, to Elvis's moon placement, he has, again, this is an, an even, uh, expression.


So this would normally be Gemini, but for him it is, um, it is Sagittarius.


So his moon is his emotions, his relation to his mother, uh, culture overwhelm, um, potentially religion.


That's all gonna come first.


And then it's gonna go through spirituality disconnect.


It's gonna be, uh, a whole lot of alcohol potentially.


Um, and, uh, even a, uh, an emotional connection through a potential absence or over compassion or sense of delusion.


All of those things could be factored.


But we, you know, before we say that is the way that it was, we have to say, okay, well the moon rules cancer.


So where is cancer in this chart?


Oh, it's up in the eighth house, which means not only is it bringing in Scorpio themes because the eighth house into here, which is going to bring deep bonds, toxicity, addiction, all of that into his moon placement, but it's also going to delegate his, um, Lilith that is retrograde, this conjunction that is happening to his south node.


This is, I'm not gonna dive into this right now because this is going to be very elaborate, but many of you are likely to have something like this, where now it's in the fusion cusp area, or, and or in this case it is crossing a cusp line through a conjunction, which brings in two different areas through a link, which is another alchemistic astrology term.


Whenever we say something is linked, it, it means that those energies will always work together through houses.


And it happens in two main ways.


One is through an aspect like a conjunction here.


The eighth and the ninth house are forever linked in Elvis Presley's chart.


So anything that has to do with culture is always gonna be taboo.


Anything that has to do with, um, higher education and learning is always gonna have a level of secrecy.


There's, it's always gonna be there through the, through the tones that they express through and then through those delegates.


So you're gonna have those. The other way that it happens is through mutual reception, where I'm not gonna look to see if he has it here, but you might have, let's say it's a Leo in cancer, right?


Let's say the sun was over here and the moon was over here, right?


This ruler's here, this ruler's here, that would link those two houses together as well.


A lot of people have that, uh, Ashley has that, her fifth and her seventh house are forever linked together because they're on mutual reception.


So they just keep bouncing back and forth.


Her children and her relationship, her creative expression and, and, um, expressing her value outwardly, especially through community, are being different.


That makes so much sense for my damn chart.


Yeah, now you're starting to get it, it's starting to click, right?


Starting to make sense. Um, but for whenever you're talking about the delegate, this is where you would take it a step further.


We're not gonna do this right now, but you notice that there's another ruling planet in the eighth house.


So when we're talking about this fourth house, uh, two degree, you know, Sagittarian degree or Sagittarian sparked, um, Neptunian Pulse or Piscean pulsed Pisces Tone, uh, can't Syrian because it's sitting in the fourth house, uh, um, moon placement that is it is has a Scorpio base with a retrograded Scorpio energy that is conjunct series retrograde again for another time.


But we would take it from this point, we would say, okay, let's put the moon on hold right now.


We know that the moon is coming off of this, but in order to understand the moon as a delegate, we'd have to break all of this down in order separately, one thing at a time, all the aspects through the channel and say what's actually happening?


It's all happening in this Neptune deck in here, right?


25, 26, 28, 28, and then it brings in the ninth house.


But we would say, okay, put the moon aside, we know it's Scorpio base, and we would look at this Pluto, and we know it's retrograde, and we would say, where's Scorpio 12th house?


So we're bringing the 12th house into the eighth house, the eighth house into the moon and the fourth house.


And we would do that until we got the information that we wanted.


So to dive deeper into, while we have those addictions, we have this, you know, uh, lack of taking care of yourself, lack of resources, um, a need to, um, to reassess trauma, trauma bonding, especially with this, there's a lot of trauma bonding that that ha must have happened in his life.


I don't know enough about Ev Elvis Presley to to say that, but this is a very much a trauma bonding, especially through, um, house, home, uh, gifting things out because it's retrograde connection to the mother and how all of that imple impacted and implemented to his core.


Once you've assessed this, we would say, okay, all of this that we just assessed, it's ruler.


We would go forward and we would say, okay, we take all of that into the 10th house.


This all affected his, not only how he was seen in his public image reputation, but his own goals and what he was striving for, and his sense of what he saw was his sense of completion, achievement, um, or anything like that.


And retrograde would've been very, very difficult because there would've been a disconnect between his personal motivations, uh, and, and his mother, and how that would've needed to be reworked within the public eye, which is something that was probably, uh, through music, through, um, through film and whatnot, was probably something he was actually holistically working through to, you know, to create a semblance and a logic of why, why he's even here.


That's not something I could be able to ask him.


I would say, Elvis, is that true?


And he would say, yes, Logan Alchemistic astrology is amazing.


Why the 10th house? Because, um, the fourth house ruler is Neptune, and that's where Neptune is up in the 10th house.


So that's taking it forward.


So this is what we're doing to assess and address each thing.


Now, if I go back to my chart, and I talk about this a lot, but I'm gonna express it one more time, right here.


He'd say, he's all shook up. Look at you.


All right? Um, I like to use my chart for a lot of references.


I like to joke that my chart was created by God or some creator, uh, to just mess with our understanding of the world.


Like, I feel like the reason I ended up diving into this and fixing astrology is because if I would've, well, and I did, I got into astrology like anybody else, and nothing made sense.


Like every single reading I got, the little nuggets of truth that you get from wrong astrology were very, very sparse.


Most of it, 99% of everything I ever heard for hundreds of readings was very, very wrong.


Case in point, you know, I look at the chart, I'm getting into it.


I'm trying to analyze everything. Moon in Aquarius, cool.


What is a moon in Aquarius mean?


Well, there's a level of, uh, of detachment.


There's a emotional intelligence.


Pumpy breaks emotional intelligence.


Oh, God, no. I wish I had emotional intelligence.


One of the things that deeply attracts me to Ashley is her insane level of emotional intelligence and just the way that she can keep her calm and whatever.


I've had a very difficult time comprehending understanding and processing emotion, especially when you bring in the seventh house of communicating that and relaying that to other people.


And from other people, very difficult.


Now, I'm almost 43, my birthday is in a week and a half or so, and I'm about to have a second, uh, cyclical ascendant activation, which is great.


But, and I, and you know, I've gotten very, very, I've made a lot of progress.


I wouldn't say I'm good at it.


I've just, I've made a lot of progress. Thank you, Jasmine.


I've made a lot of progress on this, but I still don't understand people.


I just don't, and it frustrates me because I'm like, why don't I understand people I want to, but like, I'll put a video out on social media that'll get 20,000 views, and I'm just like, that was the dumbest video I've ever made.


I don't understand why people like it.


I put out another one, gets over a million views.


I'm like, how? And the ones that I think that other people should listen to, watch, learn, love, whatever, get nothing, 600, maybe barely crack the thousand.


And I'm just like, this is the most important video I've made.


It's because I struggle understanding people, especially through community, through uh, groups, through understanding, through mechanics, whatever.


I just don't have that relational understanding.


Relationships have sucked in my life. For the most part.


My, this relationship worked because of Ashley.


Like, she's definitely the one that kind of pulled this whole thing together and still does.


Um, but the question is why, why?


Because every, every chart reading says that my emotional dependency is on relationships.


And I'm like, mm, yes and no.


And you know why, right?


So, and even the conjunction to vest a vest is the internal flame.


So of course, this is what you want.


Well, there's definitely a devotion there, but then it's always rescinded.


Why? The reason is because of the base.


This is why true placements is so important, because we are breaking this down one thing at a time.


And we see the spark, we see the pulse, we see the field, we see the tone, but we can't move forward because we don't understand the base.


And the base is so important.


Where does the moon derive from? Cancer? Where's cancer?


12 house. Okay, so the house of misunderstandings, the house of loss, the house of illusion, the house of Hayes.


But what through delegation is there?


Oh, okay. So we gotta put the moon on hold for a second.


We gotta go into my behind the scenes.


We gotta go into my, um, my illusion, my fantasy, my dream world, all of that, the north freaking node.


What do we know about the north node?


Well, you'll know more after you read the book, but we know that this is a point of rolling.


We chase this thing, we want this, but it's very uncomfortable and we never can obtain it.


Ever. Never. Your north note is unattainable.


It is an alignment path. It is not a goal.


It's not something that you can reach.


So therefore we assess, its spark, its pulse, its energy, right?


Kicking the can down the road. Exactly.


Justin, we kick the can down the road.


We align with this so that eventually, maybe in the next lifetime we can feel like maybe one day we'll get this.


But if you know that you can attain it, then you say, okay, what we're aligning for is something that's gonna be in perpetual motion.


We're not aligning with the now we're aligning with how the now feeds the future.


That's your north node on an emotional, personal basis.


I also have nessus there. Nessus is challenging.


It's literally abuse. It's a bunch of other things.


I won't get into it right now, but it's sitting there, which means this, this thing that I've never really been able to understand because that's the north node.


It's not our default, it's not our relationship with our parents, specifically the family, specifically the mother.


It's not those things. It's what I wish I would've had with that, right?


And it's everything that felt very out of touch, out of control and just happened.


The energy's there, but I don't get it.


And I just can't grasp, you know, for me, the reality of it.


So all of that through the delegate of the moon, is going into my relationships.


My businesses, the businesses that I, that do the best for me are the ones where I'm like, I set it in motion and say, well, it's gonna become something.


It's gonna eventually, you know, not even evolve, but just like, it'll just kind of be there.


I talk about this all the time.


Uh, you've probably noticed that when I talk about other businesses I own or other ventures I do, I'm always like, yeah, it's there.


That does really well for me.


I don't have a deep personal connection with those businesses.


I do have a personal connection, but it's more like the business is there and it'll just kind of keep doing its thing until I need to intervene with it, which is literally this energy.


And then I do, I intervene when I need to, and whatever.


Mystic rebels is the hard one because it, it felt much more personal.


It felt like I was supposed to do all these things.


And then when you read about the North node, everyone says, oh, you're supposed to be spiritual.


Like, well, there's a semis sex town here to the ascendant.


So mm-hmm. Doesn't work that way.


You don't say, you don't even say you do readings all that often.


No. Yeah.


And when it comes to mystic rebels, I, I don't really promote doing readings.


I don't really promote the service.


I, that part I've aligned with is just the, I'm here if you need me kind of energy, that's this.


And I will continue to be there until I don't feel like doing it anymore.


Um, but when I started, like, that was everything.


That's the south note. I've gotta do readings, gotta do readings.


I mean, fricking 2023 was in, was incredible for readings.


I was doing like 12.


I was averaging eight to 12 readings or more a day.


I, I mean we, a ton of revenue, but a ton of like, f**k this man.


Like I'm supposed to be aligning more with this.


You don't abandon this, but you align more with this.


But anyway, my relationships, my moon, the reason why my moon and my personal needs, I never really pay attention much to my personal needs.


It's just when I need something and that works really well.


But when I focus too much on, oh, I've gotta connect to people, or I've gotta express myself in my value and communicate that to others, you know, through some sort of conversation and make this thing matter.


It's forced, it's contrived.


It doesn't align with my energies and it doesn't work.


Well, yes, it was a burnout.


12 readings a day.


It was, uh, it started getting to a point where it was no longer fun.


I started hating astrology.


It's actually the moment I started hating astrology and I had to reset.


And there's a, there's a whole way that that happens in your chart.


I, I had to reset and I had to go back.


I had to, uh, like I know I love astrology.


I do not enjoy having to do readings, hate it.


I love teaching it, but not if I feel like I have to teach it.


You know? So you have to find these little trinkets, I guess within your, your natal chart and say, okay, well this is the way that it works.


How do I make this work so that I still feel not only valuable value may be a part of it, but it's more like some sense of purpose, some sense of like, I want to do this.


I'm enjoying doing this where you don't feel like it's aging you.


'cause that's what can happen is you can feel very energetically aged when you're not in alignment.


Whenever you're dealing with mercury, um, uh, or Venus in your chart, remember that you're always pulling a base of two places, right?


So when I talk about Venus, you know, again, spark pulse tone, uh, field, the base of it is Libra and Taurus, well, it's in Taurus.


So what does that mean? Right?


This is pretty obvious, right?


Libra iss pretty obvious is that not only does it have to do with my communication, my identity, but it's gonna pull all of this and it's condition through delegate up into here.


What do people see? My thoughts, my words, how I speak, how I speak is like everything to people.


Oh, you sound this way.


That's like the literal biggest thing that people say when they don't like me.


When I'm, when you know, and which is literally Venus, right?


Like, you like something.


'cause you see value in it is my tone.


They don't find value if they don't like my tone, they don't like what I'm saying.


Like, that's been my biggest challenge, but I'm not gonna not be me because Chiron's here, and here's the thing with Chiron and Chiron being out there, yes, Chiron's already in my 10th house, but which means that my public image is always gonna face scrutiny because I'm not like everybody else.


I don't do things. But when I try to be like everybody else, or try to be an astrologer or try to do something that I'm supposed to do or try to be the authority or try it always fails, always backfires.


And that opens the wound and then it makes the vulnerability come in.


That's where the attack comes in.


But Venus represents Chiron.


So what's interesting, like in my chart, and you may have a version of the, in your chart, is that it goes, you know, ally speaking, it's the mid heaven, then it's Venus, then it's Chiron, and then this doesn't apply.


So we have ba, ba, ba and the channeling through all of those is that this is involved in a ya this is involved in a ya and this is involved in a, uh, queen Cox.


So you have to break that down as well.


But when I get from Midheaven to Venus, I'm already at Chiron in my chart because Venus is the ruler of the 10th house as a delegate for everything in the 10th house.


So this Venus already embodies Chiron before Chiron even happens.


So Venus is Chiron on a level, and then as it keeps going, Chiron already happens.


So every time Venus money, I can't make money like other people, but I have wisdom to share based off of money and relationships because it was never meant to work the same because it's, it's, it's the delegate, it is the ruler of Chiron.


Yes, Mars influence. People don't understand.


They definitely see me as extra and extra blunt, right?


Because that's the ninth house ruler.


So Mars embodies Sagittarian energy.


So yes, teaching, coaching, consulting.


But when that energy is directed into communication, and it is Mars to begin with before it's, um, it's the delegate.


It's abrasive or abrasive sounding direct sharp to the point, to me to the point's.


Very important. Uh, does Venus, oh, thank you, joy.


I appreciate your incredible teacher, I appreciate that.


Uh, does Venus shoot to Saturn? Does Saturn shoot to Venus?


Uh, Venus shoots to Saturn.


So we have the 180 rule, which will be 14 degrees of Scorpio, Saturn's on this side, which means it makes Saturn the second planet.


So this is planet one, this is planet two.


So Venus shoots to Saturn.


So literally the work that I do, the criticisms, my Lilith placement, all of this stuff, um, you know, feeling worthy, not feeling worthy is all contributed by whether or not I feel like I am the authority or I've made money, or I have a product to sell or how people are attacking me.


All of it goes into whether or not I feel like I am the authority, I have to rework it, you know, anything that's uchin and it's very challenging because it's not, it's a Quin Kong.


So it's separate. It feeds in, but it's separate.


So it's not about the money, and it's not even about what people are saying because Venus is also my third house ruler.


So it's what they say, you know, it's, it's verbiage, it's verbal inward and outward, which was, which is literally inward versus outward theory in alchemistic astrology, okay?


So I, I think you guys understand this, that when we're saying, okay, this Venus placement is Capricorn, right?


The first thing through true placements is that Venus, for me is about authority.


My words, regardless of this Saturn placement, my words, my identity, my ideas and my sense of authority are filtered through authority.


That is based off of not having authority because it's all 10th house and that's where the placement is.


So that combines everything.


We took the base, we took the actual placement, we took the base, and we took it through the delegates.


Does that make sense to everybody?


Or do we need one more example?


And I'll use a different chart.


I'll use my either Ashley's or her daughter's chart, okay?


Jen wants Uno MAs, so I'm gonna use Ashley.


I'm gonna put her on blast.


All right, so let's talk about, uh, I look at her chart so much.


Maybe I shouldn't use Ashley's.


I don't use somebody. I'll use my oldest daughter.


'cause y'all don't know anything about her.


This is my oldest daughter.


Um, she's gonna be 18 pretty soon.


Um, let's talk about me, me in her chart.


So this is me in her chart. This is her mom in her chart.


Um, you can see that there's no real relationship here between me and her mother, which is very true, although it's rulers in the same field.


So there is some, but not much.


Uh, but anyway, you would also look at the fourth and the fifth house rulers and, um, those are, uh, semis, sextile each other.


So there's that as well.


Uh, always had to feed on the, yeah, God, this makes so much freaking sense.


Anyway, um, the sun.


So we have again, pulse, I'm sorry, uh, spark and pulse is Neptune because it's beyond 20.


So, um, her, her relationship with her father, my daughter's relationship with me, her relationship with her father, um, is based on this degree, this pulse.


But most importantly, remember it's the field first, right?


So it's not that she has a son in cancer, whereas you'd be like, oh, there's a, uh, the father expresses through nurturing the father expresses through, um, you know, through family and through emotions.


No, it's through Sagittarius.


So it's that, that there's a personal connection through, um, through culture, through belief systems, through distance.


The connection is that the father literally lives far away.


That there's an identity, a very deep rooted identity with how the father, the father's belief systems and the father's family's belief systems.


So that shows right here.


Now the sun comes off of what comes off of, uh, the 10th house.


So there's a Capricorn base, not just because Saturn's in here, but because the 10th house ruler is the sun.


So we go backwards through bi-directional rulership, the delegate for this entire house.


But the 10th house is Capricorn.


So there's a Capricorn base.


So there is an authority structure based on the release.


There's a traditional way, there's a historical way through purpose, through, uh, expression and, and self-identity through, um, the right to exist.


So through Capricorn, which is basically marriage or through, um, you know, time in the, how the relationship either was or wasn't, dictates her sense of expression through how she feels about things on an emotional level that have to do with belief systems, uh, college, things of that nature.


So for the record, one thing that my daughter didn't do was go to college.


Why? Because dad didn't go to college.


She literally pulled that identity expression and values and pushed it through.


I told her if she wanted to go to college that I would pay for it, but she does not have to.


I didn't say don't go. I said, it's up to you.


If you feel like you need schooling or need education, then do it.


Otherwise don't bother because it's, it's really on you.


And I gave her that choice. But for her, the choice was really not a choice.


And you can see that its energy comes over here, that it is a taboo choice, especially based on my family who pushes college.


Um, you can see that that's here and there's no friction with alignment.


There's a sextile to Venus.


So she valued that choice and made a decision, but it was based off of my beliefs.


So her beliefs basically became my beliefs.


That's, that's been a through line our entire life, by the way, is that the way that she sees the world is the way that dad sees the world.


Her politics at, at 17 years old completely aligns with mine.


Her beliefs around family and beliefs around different things completely aligns with mine.


There are, there are definitely differences, but that's the way that it's always been.


And it's because of structure.


It's because, and that structure, by the way, when you break it down, is more due to lack of structure and in opposition, as you could see, 23 degrees here, 21 degrees here, and opposition to the father itself.


So she, she had, and, and this is where it matters, right?


23 degrees, this feeds into Neptune.


If it was the other way around, then she actually would've probably gone to college to spite me, but it didn't work because the 180 rule 21 to 23 is pushing Saturn beyond the 180, which makes Saturn the, the first planet, planet one.


And that feeds into Neptune as opposed to Neptune feeding around.


So as, as it relates to the father, it's that the relationship in the ever-growing, you know, learning who her father really is, which has been an evolution based on my relationship, as you can see with the semis exile.


This is mutual reception here to retrograde.


My relationship with her mother, by the way, her mother, uh, when we got a divorce, which you can see here, kept her from me for years.


So the only way that I could see my daughter was, um, through communicating with her grandmother.


So you can actually see that as well, is in order for me to actually see there's an opposition between Saturn, third house ruler, um, and not saying something because of the opposition and this drama right here.


Uh, and the fact that the son is in the ninth house and literally secrets of not saying anything connected to the grandmother with the father.


So I literally used my mother, which is her grandmother, to be able to coordinate being able to see my daughter without telling my ex-wife.


That was the only way I was able to see my kid.


It was a whole messed up situation.


There was nothing legal involved.


She was just literally keeping me from my kid.


So I had to go this route, and it's set up.


It shows in the chart that that's exactly what happened, but we see that because we can understand the spark, the pulse, the field, the tone, the base, and then obviously the channeling through the focus.


Yeah, very distant, but very close to me.


She was, I mean, in my chart you can see that she's literally my driving force.


If you look at my, my chart, my first child, she's my first child, and you can see the sun is here, my expression, everything that I do, and it's in opposition to Neptune, which is the eighth house in retrograde.


There's all the shame and all that stuff.


And then, um, that ruler is conjunct to my ic.


That opposition is 25 to 21, which means planet one, planet two, she fed everything, even though there was a distance, she fed everything and became everything that I want.


Need my trauma also did the same thing.


So there's a, there's a positive and a negative, like my trauma fed every, and sometimes became, you know, everything that I was and everything I was doing, you have to understand when it's a positive thing and a negative thing to see how that is.


And it's never blending.


I always wanted to bring my daughter with what I was doing.


I always thought maybe she'll, and then there was a certain point where I realized not only do I wanna offer her, her, her own autonomy, but she is very different.


She's very similar, but very different.


She's gonna do what she's gonna do, and I'm not necessarily always gonna understand, but I will always be there to support.


And she's always been there to support me and want to have a relationship with me, but not do what I do, which is literally this opposition that's sitting right here.


Although I do support, you know, her and everything she does and whatnot, and my child supports everything that I do and, and, and all of this.


And, and that whole thing's a freaking mess for me, just how it sits.


But, um, I have had to, as she got older, reframe the toxic things that her mother and her mother's side of the family have said to her about me.


And I've had to do that in a way that doesn't make it seem like I'm against her mother.


Here's some clarity, here's some truth, here's my perspective, here's whatever.


And that had to happen when she was in her teenage years.


And then from that point, I let it go because I got into astrology and realized that yes, Jupiter retrograde says I gotta revisit these things, but also it says, I've gotta let go.


Her perception, her experience is going to delegate everything, and there's really no reason for me to have to.


So I use the astrology as much as I want to do otherwise.


I used the astrology and said, it's not on me.


Yeah, Chiron in the 10th and that Chiron the 10th squares from my moon.


So whenever you see the, you know, a Chiron, um, placement that is in relationship to the seventh, if there's a marriage, there's usually a divorce.


Sometimes there just never is even a relationship that even gets to a marriage.


So, um, and it all depends on how it sits in the chart, um, how that relationship is playing.


Sometimes you end up staying in a relationship and you don't ever get divorced, but you really should have, or you should never should have been in that relationship to begin with.


So there's different ways that it can play out, but I often see Kyron in relationship to the seventh house in any way, uh, will present as a, a divorce, definitely relationship issues, because there's just the standard structure behind how a relationship should go, um, creates overcompensation problems that usually end up in some sort of split.


Do you guys have any other questions about this topic specifically?


Um, do you think that I hit it, do you think that, that it makes sense to you now that it's very important that when you're looking at the fact that the moon sits in the seventh house, right?


This moon in Aquarius is not a moon in Aquarius.


I think I forgot to say that it's a moon in Libra, right through true placements.


'cause it's in the seventh house. It expresses through Aquarius, but it is based off of Pisces.


So that sensitivity from and, and the intuitiveness, um, but a detachment from it and, and a lack of understanding because, uh, of the North Nodes influence comes into how I relate to others, what businesses I start, how those businesses work, things like that.


And, uh, I have stumbled my way through businesses.


I'm very good at them now, but I've stumbled my way through how, and I've started to learn how to trust the fact that it's not about now.


It's about like, what am I gonna align with?


What's it gonna be? How's it gonna go?


And uh, we're talking about a Libra energy, a Libra moon that is a Pisces base, has nothing to do with Aquarius.


It takes a long time to get to Aquarius.


25 degrees in, in, in, um, an odd number is, uh, uh, a tar degree.


It's always, well, that makes sense.


It's always been about value or money or showing that, or receiving that Through more Libra energy.


Then Aquarius, How many steps did it take before we even looked at Aquarius?


Everyone goes Moon and Aquarius.


I say, no, moon and Libra, Pisces Base, TAUs, spark, uh, Venus or, uh, Libra Pulse then, and, and, and, and I wouldn't even go there because that's the next step.


If we're not looking at aspects, what are the channels?


What are all the aspects?


Once we do that, the aspects are contained within the first, Uh, the first uh, wheel.


Then it's here. Transits work the opposite way. But when you're Reading a natal chart, this is the way that it works.


I'm gonna close this out. You guys Can, uh, have fun diving deep into Spark, uh, and Pulse.


I've told you what Pulse is, interpreting the deens there, Spark and Pulse there. We'll probably do a separate webinar.


Um, but this was the introduction to that plus, uh, taking true placements and applying the base to it through delegates and bi-directional rulership.


As always, guys, thank you for being here and vibe higher.