Zodiac Energies Walk-through:




Hey, everybody.


Welcome to the Zodiac Energies Walkthrough webinar.


Um, this is just kind of a long time coming for people who have already been learning.


This is kind of a refresher course for people who are new and are jumping in.


And my foundation's masterclass, the legacy one that most people are jumping into is a very dense course.


And we already go through a lot of this, um, material in there.


We want to kind of go back and just refresh, make sure that what you're learning is everything that you're going to need, and look at the lens of Zodiac themes in a different way so that we're gonna go through so that it's very basic, very beginners oriented.


But I'm introducing free theory, which is something I didn't introduce in my courses before, which is the foundational relationship of energetic expression.


It's something that is a major chapter in my book, if Fixed Astrology and its purpose is to understand how to concisely pinpoint what an energy means based on its natural relationship to every other relationship.


So if you're talking about Aries, what does it mean to Taurus?


What does it mean to Gemini? What does it mean to cancer?


And by understanding those relationships, you know, definitively that a certain sign cannot mean something other than what it actually means.


A good for, for instance, example of that is Saturn.


There are a lot of people in the astrology community who believe that Saturn rules the father.


And when you look at how it's positioned in the chart, Saturn being a square to Aries, which Aries is you and your actions, how you show up in the physical world would mean that your father would always be challenging you as an undercurrent, always thematically across the board, your father would be an issue in your life.


Now, obviously, some of you that might be true, but that's because of the, the placements.


That's because of the rulerships.


That is your individual expression of energy, but an undercurrent of everyone, it doesn't apply that way.


So the undercurrent is that it doesn't, it does not.


The father, you know, if it were Capricorn, does not it challenge us in terms of just existence.


Also, it would mean that the mother at the fourth house and the father at the 10th house would be in always opposites.


They would never work together.


They would always be the mothers over here, the fathers over here.


There's no real unity allowed. We know that that's not true.


The mother tends to support the father.


The mother has themes, the father has themes.


And yes, it plays out differently in everyone's chart, but the undercurrent is that there's a unity.


There's a togetherness of the mother and the father.


So we know that Saturn cannot rule the Father for those reasons.


It's the reason why we know that Leo rules the father.


The fifth house rules the Father.


The Son rules the Father because a semis sex sextile, although creates a hard stop, uh, in your life in terms of the energies of cancer into the energies of Leo, once you understand what Leo needs and the purpose of Leo, the fourth house funnels directly into a direct cohesive integration with the fifth House.


And that is when you know, you would see your parents in unison, you would see your emotional security and your desire, um, for purpose to have that cohesion, which would make you feel fulfillment.


So we're gonna be going through all 12 zodiac signs, starting with Aries, using free theory to kind of understand.


I'm gonna break down Aries free theory.


I am not gonna do that for every single chart.


We'll go back and we'll reference some of them, but we, it'll take a lot more time than necessary.


You're gonna have a copy of this PDF for reference.


You're gonna have my book, which breaks it down even further.


And then we're gonna have a free theory course where we really dive into every single, uh, ascendant sign, because that's basically what it's derived off of.


But in reality, it doesn't have to be the ascendant because of vantage.


So even if you were, let's say, a, a Virgo rising, you would have Scorpio in your third house.


So would it be Gemini's energy expressing through Scorpio?


And from the vantage of you putting yourself in the energy of Scorpio in that third house, that Gemini energy expressing through Scorpio, you would know your mental relationship in the themes it plays in relationship to the first house, in relationship to the eighth house, in relationship to the 10th house, because you are doing that.


And then if you go conversely to another one, you would be able to do the same thing.


So whether that's the first house or it's your sixth house, if if it's Scorpio energy, you'll see the themes, you'll see how it plays out and its relationship within the chart.


So let's dive in.


So this, again, this is free theory, and then we'll get into the themes.


Aries is the first, it is ruled by Mars.


It is the same exact energies as the first house.


So whenever we talk about this, we have Aries, we have Mars as the planetary ruler, and we have the first house in Alchemistic.


Astrology signs are planets are houses, they are synonymous.


They are the same. There's no difference between Scorpio's energy and the eighth house energy.


There's no difference between eighth house energy and, um, and Pluto Energy.


They're all the same across the board.


The only time we have a split is when we get to Mercury and Venus, because they sit in two different configurations and technically act like two different planets.


Mercury, when it sits between the sun and the Earth, acts as one thing, because it acts as a very inward personal planet that connects the earth to the sun.


And then when it sits on the other side of the orbit, it's sitting kind of like Mars would, or kinda like Jupiter would.


It's sitting in, in outward expression beyond the solar, uh, earth relationship.


So it's, it's sitting as a projection outward.


And the same thing goes for Venus.


You have Taurus when it's sitting within.


And then you have, uh, Libra, when it's sitting on the other side, these are actually called inferior and superior positions.


So you'll see that in my book where I discuss this, any planet that goes between, that's not the moon because it doesn't operate independently, which means there are only two, uh, mercury and Venus that can do this.


Inferior positions means they are sitting between the earth and the sun.


Superior, meaning outward is gonna be sitting on the other side.


They do have, and when you read my book, you'll see this I discussed.


There is a thematic presence and difference between whether or not you have a planet inferior or superior in a position in your natal chart.


So a good for instance of that is Venus rules Taurus.


Venus rules Libra.


But the question is, when you talk about your Venus and Taurus, is it sitting in an inferior position or is Venus in Taurus sitting in a superior position because it could be doing either in a superior position.


Your resources and, and your self-worth and everything is based on what is external.


It is all much deeply connected in how you can present to others, how you can connect to others.


This is why Tars, Venus and Mercury specifically act very different for different people.


And you don't see that in the chart because it's an actual astronomical positioning that gives you that influence.


And there's a lot of other things that, that based on the astronomy, instead of just the astrology one is Theia coordinate plane.


Uh, that is one of those things. So anyway, back to Aries.


Aries is the sign, the ruler is Mars.


The house is always that first house, all the same exact energy.


So when we talk about these themes, they're always gonna be the same.


So in free theory, again, the first thing that we're gonna talk about in free theory, Aries has no, uh, it says na, but it, it's, we don't have to worry about Aries association with itself other than saying it obviously works with itself, right?


Aries in its position to Taurus, which is the second house, the next house over is in a semis sex house.


It's a 30 degree. Remember, all of these are sitting in major aspects to each other.


The 30 degree aspect, the semis, sexal is where Taurus, uh, and from the vantage of Aries, it needs to understand Taurus to be able to support it.


Otherwise, it feels blocked by Taurus. Aries.


In terms of Gemini, there's a need for consideration for inclusion, meaning your actions, well, let's go back to TAUs real quick.


I'll give you an example of each one of these.


When it's Aries to Taurus, your actions and the value of your actions is not inherently obvious.


So you can do whatever you want.


Whether or not it has value could be a waste of energy until you figure out something valuable to put your energy in.


Making money is very difficult because we don't have, that's the first house to the second to the third.


We don't know how to make money, and then we don't know the actions it takes to make money.


What are we gonna do that's actually gonna bring those resources and value?


So for instance, if you say the thing of value for Taurus is food, then Aries is the the going out to go get it, not the exploration, because that comes from Sagittarius, but the actual action of here's the food, is that food of value.


It has to be identified. Yes, this is a value.


No, that's not, we can't digest it.


It's poisonous, whatever.


So until we understand TAUs, Aries is going to act a fool, it's just gonna go astray.


It's gonna, it's gonna exert energy, which is also a key word of Aries that we'll get to in an area that does not support actual value.


Human beings do this all the time.


We exert our energy into things that literally have no value, and then we wonder why we have no value.


And it makes us feel like we're not worthy, we don't have self-worth, we don't have that value because what we're putting our energy into is not identified as value.


When we get to the sex tile, the 60 degree, it's Aries to Gemini, first house to third house, the Gemini energy needs to be considered.


So in order to take action, there's always an element of our environment.


There's something that we can see, there's something we've thought of.


Now, have we thought it through? Can we see everything?


No, but there is an element of that that we have to consider.


So in order to take action, there has to be some sort of thought.


There has to be some sort of perception.


But the thing with sex tiles in this direction, you're gonna see when I get to Aquarius, doesn't work that way, but sex tiles in this direction is that you do not have to use the sex tile that is ahead, but you do have to consider it.


Aries must consider Gemini, but does not have to use Gemini.


I can take action, I can act without thinking.


People do it all the time. But the the saying is, what?


Look, before you leap, that is that sex tile, because it's not a requirement, but it is something that would help Aries along.


You're supposed to be looking for what's over here that's going to be worthy for me.


Yes, act without thinking.


Once we get to, uh, cancer, we're at the square, we're at the 90 degree angle.


So Aries at the first house, cancer at the fourth house, this is a conflict point.


This needs symbiosis through agreement.


And this is the part that people don't understand.


Anytime you're talking about any aspect, planet one is always the problem.


It causes the conflict because there's something going on with planet two.


Planet two is the solution.


It's where the energy's being directed.


So it has to be understood so that we have a, a symbiotic relationship and we can have positive outcome from it.


Otherwise, in a square, we have the first one trying to overtake the second with, without understanding what the second one is or needs.


But in a square aspect, at the 90, uh, 90 degrees, we're in the aspect spectrum.


From zero to 180, we're at the halfway point.


And everything from zero to 90 is for the purposes of the first planet to utilize those first energies, um, to be able to achieve whatever it's trying to achieve.


Once we pass that 90 degree angle and we're coming over to the opposition, it's in favor of the second planet or the second planet.


And, and in all cases, the second planet becomes the problem, which requires it to understand so that it becomes the solution when in reality, so let me rephrase that 'cause it was probably word salad.


The, the viewpoint is that planet one sees planet two as the problem.


That's what you see. That's the initial reaction.


Planet one thinks planet two is the problem.


The reality is that planet one is the problem, and planet two is the solution.


So in most resolutions in astrology, you have to flip the script on it.


You have to reverse what's actually happening to find the resolution.


So once we hit the 90 degree angle, we have to understand not only what cancer wants and needs, but how can you use both at the same time to achieve some sort of growth opportunity.


Because now you're literally using two points, and this is why it's growth instead of one feeding the other or working with the other.


It's coming from a, a very different point, again, where the a sub handoff is happening, where they're both being worked at the same time towards the same thing.


And that is why it's growth, because you're utilizing both of them towards the same o objective instead of a collaboration.


It's, it's a, it's a unity through the transition point into opposition.


So when it, when you're talking about the first house and the fourth house, when you do things and you don't feel safe doing them, you get in trouble or you don't do them, or you end up doing something that you get hurt.


When you do something and you understand what the foundation is and there's an element of safety and security within it, or you feel good about it, then you can actually take what you're doing and what you feel good about doing and do something better.


When you get beyond that.


Now we're starting to get into the oppositional energy.


We're talking about, uh, Leo's energy.


Aries is a direct support into Leo, which means it's an auto focus from Aries.


The energy is going to open up like a floodgate into Leo first house, into fifth house.


Nothing you can do about it. This is the trying aspect.


Now, this could be good, this could be bad, but no matter what, it's going to go there.


Now again, planet one, planet two, we always say, oh, this is harmonious.


It's not true. The harmony is the fact that there's nothing stopping it.


If Planet two doesn't, if Planet one is trying to feed energy into Planet two, but planet two is not readily aligned to accept it, then what you're doing is forcing energy and creating a conflict because planet two feels overwhelmed, which is also part of the trying, you could feel very overwhelmed in these areas.


It's too much, like, too much of a good thing type of energy, but it is feeding the first energy in support of the second to move us forward.


And that's what happens in the oppositional is we're trying to move forward.


Once we get to Virgo, we're hitting a Quin Cox, which is 150 degrees.


Aries is feeding naturally where to go, extends naturally into, but does not integrate with the Quin cos with Planet two, with Virgo.


So Aries, uh, into Virgo or first house in the sixth house, these energies are true opposites, which is interesting because we don't call it the opposition, but this is your true opposite.


You cannot have Aries and have Virgo at the same time.


The function is to identify the first and the second, feed the first energy into the second, and then allow them to operate independently.


So a good for instance is you cannot have autonomy, meaning I do what I want.


If you have routine, because you are not doing what you want, you are doing the same thing.


You cannot just, um, what's another way to do this?


You can't take action while you're overthinking and processing and analyzing something.


You have to bounce back and forth between these energies.


Once we get to Libra, we're hitting the oppositional energy.


So now we're saying Aries is in opposition to Libra.


It requires balance.


And I'm gonna, I'm gonna help you understand balance because a lot of people think that means a midpoint when it doesn't, um, and direction to rationalize.


So balance is not about compromise.


There is an element of compromise in there only so that these two energies can work together, but not because they're both giving up something to meet in the middle.


They're not giving up what they are.


And this is the problem with compromises, is we tend to think that that harmony, that balance means we have to give up something.


It means we have to meet at a point where there is an equality, where there is a symbiosis.


I've said that word a lot on this one.


Um, so we have to, we have to say, well, what does Aries need?


What does Libra need?


Aries already knows, but doesn't understand Libra because it's literally oppositional, but it's going to feed its energy naturally into the opposition.


So what we have to do is balance out what, what we're feeding in through Aries, into what is mutually receptive for Libra so that we can support it.


Once we've passed that we are now past the 180 degree mark.


Now what ends up happening is 180 degrees.


Anything beyond that becomes zero.


Again, zero becomes 180 degrees.


We flip it upside down because we have to complete the second half of the travel when we're doing this, uh, journey through the, uh, aspects, right?


So aspect spectrum starts at zero, ends at 180.


Once you pass 180, it could be 180 degrees and one arc minute, which turns into zero degrees, one arc minute from the other side, vantage wise.


But we're still talking about Aries.


So we haven't lost the vantage of Aries, which means we have to visualize the oppositional point going right past it as the new beginning.


And now Aries is actually the end point.


So what we're gonna do here is now once we get to Scorpio, is Aries is the energy that's being fed into, because there's a Quin cos the Quin cos does not go from Aries to the Scorpio energy.


It does not go from the first house to the eighth, because that breaks the 180 degree rule.


It goes from the eighth to the first, Aries becomes planet two.


Up until this point, from Aries to Libra, Aries was always planet one from its vantage.


Now, from its vantage, it is the receiving planet, it is planet two or sign two, or energy to Mars would be the planet itself, obviously.


So once we hit Scorpio's energy, what's gonna happen is from the vantage of Aries, Scorpio is driven by meaning.


Scorpio's energy is naturally feeding into Aries.


However, there is no integration, which means you, again, just like Aries and Virgo with Aries and Scorpio, you can't integrate these two.


You can't, you, you can't be angry and rageful at the same time.


However, your rage can fuel your anger, which happens all the time.


You can't, you can't take action while transforming.


You can't do things while trying to like, like do things outwardly while diving deep inwardly, those two things can't happen.


But while you're doing them, then you dive deeper.


It can, it can spawn while you take action on something.


So you have that Quin Cox that goes that way.


Again, it doesn't work the other way. This is energy flow.


Energy flow says planet one's a, planet two based on vantage, based on the 180 degree rule.


So we have a very specific and definitive flow of energy that must happen.


This energy flow is specific to alchemistic astrology.


It doesn't exist outside of the system.


And it is one of the main reasons why people struggle with aspects, because they're trying to do aspects both ways.


So you'll get into things like aspect patterns.


Someone's like, how do you resolve a Yad?


How do you resolve a uh, grand cross?


You don't resolve it by just doing oppositions and multi squares.


You don't go backwards and we'll, you'll see when we get, um, through the rest of this, which way it has to go.


So the resolution of those aspect patterns follows the same formula.


And again, it's by vantage.


So if you have an aspect pattern like a yard or a grand trine even, and you have three planets, it depends on what planet you're talking about.


You don't resolve planet one the same way you resolve planet two.


You have to put yourself in the energy of the shoes of those energies and say, here's what's happening.


Energy's coming from here.


It's going that way, it's going this way in a conflict.


It's coming here harmoniously.


I'm not integrating, but I am companion.


And then from there, you go to the next planet.


It's like, oh, I am not just being companion eyes, but I know that there's an acceptable amount of that energy already here and I'm gonna feed it there but not integrate there.


That's planet two. And I'm talking about a yacht right there.


Planet three is completely different.


I'm not compatible there, I'm not compatible there, but that one's feeding me and I'm feeding that one.


So I'm isolated.


Planet three at the top, the apex planet is an isolated planet, and each one of those has to be resolved differently because it is not the same type of energy feeding and flowing into it.


And this is why vantage is so important, especially when you get into aspect patterns.


Okay? So Scorpio, Sagittarius, energy, another trine, but remember from the vantage of Aries, Sagittarius is flowing directly into Aries, which means Aries must either align to accept it or inform Sagittarian energy.


Now, this is where it gets tricky, because if it's in your natal chart, you can do it either direction.


You can say, oh my Sagittarius, this is what I want to take action on.


Sagittarius needs to flow. I need to change Sagittarius to direct into Aries.


Or you say, Sagittarius is already flowing.


I'm gonna change what I'm doing and how I do it so that it aligns with the new beliefs or the adventure or the wisdom or whatever.


When it's a transit, you don't have that option.


You can't change the sky, you can't change the universe.


This is why aspects in your natal chart and aspects in transits are very different.


They also operate different.


And sometimes you read them backwards intentionally because they have to be, 'cause the order flow is different.


I will teach you all that in my book and in further classes, but when you're talking about transit energy, you are technically in control.


So if in, in this case, right?


'cause Sagittarius is the transit leading to my Aries, so I feel very much in control.


All I have to do is pivot me a little bit, but really just be me in terms of Aries energy, and I'm going to accept that and do, and I just kind of adjust for the energy, the opportunity that's coming my way.


And I just go, I'm in control.


When it's the other way around, just to backpedal a second for Leo's energy, let's say it's my Aries energy, my natal Aries energy, and it's a Leo transit.


Well, I can't control the receiving end of that.


So then I have to completely adjust what I'm doing, which feels very unnatural in order to utilize that energy that's there, because I don't want that energy to be disruptive, and I don't want it to be a misfire.


So I have to change me in accordance to energy that I didn't ask for and I didn't agree with.


It's not me, it's not my energy.


And this is why the specific ordering of a transit energy and its utilization is extremely important and very difficult one way versus the other.


A good for instance is last year a lot of people, there was this debacle online with me and whatever, most of the Astr community at this point, and there were a bunch of people saying, ah, you know, Saturn is squaring his son placement.


That's gonna be terrible for him.


And I'm just sitting there thinking, well, Saturn in my eighth house and my son in my 11th house means my son is actually in favor.


So the structuring and restructuring that happened over that summer was in favor of my own actions.


All I had to do was adjust so that, that, that structure and restructuring ability came in.


And I used both at the same time.


And that's where Mystic Circle actually came from.


So, you know, those energies there all create a mystic circle because not only are we talking about Gemini's energy happening in an Aquarius, uh, or, or Aquarius energy happening in Gemini flavor, but that Saturn transit to my eighth house in Neptune, uh, Neptune's Energy, sorry, in in Pisces, its ruler for me is in Sagittarius.


So school literally made sense.


So I went with it and we created Mystic Circle.


We created this school. At the same time though was, uh, I have an opposition between my son and Neptune.


Neptune being the ruler where Saturn was my Neptune, my intuition, my uh, creativity, everything behind the scenes, whatever that expressed through my, my ego, my personality, my sense of vitality in life.


I couldn't be illusion.


I I couldn't pay attention to illusions anymore.


And it squared off with, uh, Saturn. So I used that.


It wasn't an accident.


I intentionally used that to microdose.


And you guys know we have a partnership with Micro Dify, but we used that so that I could use that same exact energy that was creating Mystic Circle to go back and resolve unconscious trauma that was related to anything long-term or structural, which included boundaries.


So my major focus when I microdosed was to go back and say, where's all my unconscious trauma?


And why do I have this cycle happening over and over?


And how does it relate to boundaries?


And from there, not only did I create Mystic Circle, but I said, I'm not teaching anybody for free.


I'm not, and that was kind of a long-term thing.


I was still figuring out how to teach but not teach, you know, and keep it here.


And then how do I make sure that I don't get taken advantage of where people keep trying to get, get, get, get, get from me where I can say, no, this is the, this is the furthest I'm allowing you in.


So I had that, but I, it was not comfortable for me.


The boundaries part was way harder than creating the school.


Creating the school felt me very much in charge, boundaries and illusions.


And my desire to save the world and help people was in dire conflict because it was squaring off with an energy that I did not understand.


Natally speaking, but actively through alchemistic, astrology aligned with, which helped immensely.


So when you guys are looking at transits and you're seeing it especially squares, but also oppositions, whatnot, when you see it's from me to that transit, it's way harder than that transit to me.


Now, if you're a static person, like you don't like change and whatnot, then they're all gonna be hard.


But in terms of like the acceptance that the world is energy, life is malleable and forever changing.


It's, it's easier when you feel like you have control and then you have a greater gamut of it as well.


Okay, going on. So Sagittarius, Capricorn's Energy now from the vantage of Aries, Capricorn's energy sitting at the top of the chart, squares off with Aries.


This is a friction point for growth.


It's different than squaring off with cancer because cancer's a conflict point, meaning from Aries view, uh, viewpoint from its vantage, cancer feels like the obstacle.


It feels like the problem.


But from Capricorn, from Ari's viewpoint, Capricorn seems like there's friction there, but Aries is the resolution.


So it feels like it's being acted upon as a friction point instead of a conflict point.


But it's allowing, uh, for growth through conflict clarity.


It's basically saying, why don't you understand me?


Let's talk, you adjust to match me.


Now, I've said this a couple of times before, but if you're new, then this might be news to you, but you don't get to choose your career in terms of this is it.


You don't get to chase your reputation.


You don't even get to chase your achievements.


Your achievements don't come unless you've taken action based off of the thing you want to do through your own free will and autonomy.


That is Aries energy. So everyone's like, what's my career?


Your career can literally be anything you want it to be, as long as it aligns with all of your energies and the proper resolutions of them through your first house, through your Aries house, through your Mars placement.


And those energies are going to be whatever you determine that they are.


I can go write a book, I can go do graphic novels, I can make a video game.


I can start filmmaking. I can create music again.


I can teach astrology. I can run several online, uh, platforms.


I have so many different things that I do.


Fashion stores, film stuff.


I have so many different things that I do because I can, it's kinda like that scene in the Matrix.


I think it's the, yeah, it's the third movie for any of you who watched the last two.


Well, there's another one. Nobody cares about that one.


And right towards the end is the major fight between Neo and all the agents ends up being the one main agent, agent Smith.


And he's getting knocked down, knocked down, knocked down, and there's this whole like, neo standing back up.


He's like, why do you persist?


You must see that it's, it's futile. Blah, blah, blah. Why?


Why, why? And he says, because I choose to.


It's a really cool moment, and it's a really cool philosophical musing.


But in reality, that is your achievement.


That's your reputation.


Your reputation is based off of your action.


It's muddied along the way because between Capricorn and, um, Aries is a sextile two Pisces, which means your reputation is never gonna be completely valid and true to who you are.


People are gonna see you the way they see you.


Nothing you can do about that unless you use Pisces energy to intentionally manipulate.


But that's a whole other level.


It's not naturally gonna do that.


So Capricorn squaring off with Aries, it's a friction point.


Aries is in control. Capricorn still has to feed it through what Capricorn can offer from Aquarius.


Now, we're on the other side of the sextile.


Remember the first sextile to Gemini from Aries to Gemini was, there's a certain level of Gemini that we need to consider from the vantage point of the second planet, which is Aries from Aquarius.


There's already a level that is there.


Cooperatively speaking, we don't choose anymore.


It's not about maybe, no, you are already saying there's a, there's an expectation that there is from that sex tile, an element, a level, and an and a and a quantified quantifiable and quantified level of aqua and energy.


So being able to be autonomous requires a level of individuality.


Otherwise, you're not gonna be autonomous.


To be able to have movement requires a level of being able to change directions.


That is Aquarian energy.


Without Aquarian energy, Aries cannot do what Aries needs to do.


The physical body and the energy exerted requires energy to be able to do so.


Now you're gonna see energy.


I didn't put energy under Aquarius, that put under under Aries, but both of them are energy.


One is energy exerted, like fuel burned, and Aquarius is the actual energy.


Then when we get to Pisces, instead of it being like Taurus, which is the other semis, sex tile from Aries to Taurus, Taurus needs to be understood, or it feels like the blockage.


Well, Aries is the answer to Pisces.


All of your spirituality, all of your creativity, it all needs to be fed through supportive, simultaneous collaboration with Aries energy.


If you don't take action on your manifestation, it won't happen.


If you've got music and you don't exert energy to produce the music, it stays in the ether.


You always need energy, you always need action.


You always need direction. Even taking that for, um, whoops, even taking that for passion and drive is all based off of hope and inspiration.


Without inspiration, there is no motivation.


So it's a collaborative support is supportive, um, and simultaneous energy usage.


And we will keep moving on.


Okay, so again, I'm not gonna go through free theory for every single one of these.


You can see this in every, I have a slide for each one of these because you'll see that with Taurus.


Taurus is now Na Aries requires support of simultaneous collaboration to work with Taurus, and then it continues going on from Taurus to cancer.


That is the consideration for inclusion.


Do I feel comfortable within having money?


Do I feel safe based off of my materialism?


You know, I don't have to feel safe.


There is an element of security, but how much security?


Well, if I don't have any money, I feel very insecure, or I feel comfortable with it.


I don't need all that money, right?


That's Taurus sex tile to cancer, but cancer from sex tiles.


In order for there to be nurturing, I need resources.


I need food, so to speak.


Uh, houses, uh, you can just do it that way.


I need, I, if I have money, I could buy a house.


But to buy a house I would need money.


That's the same sextile from either direction.


Excuse me one second. I am throat's dry.


All right, moving right along.


All right, so we talked about how Aries is ruled by Mars, and it's the same energy as the first house, and that's where you'll find that energy.


The, the, uh, element is fire modalities cardinal.


Whenever we're talking about this in El Alchemistic astrology, it is, it is like a, it's like a backdrop for each one of these energies.


Uh, ye if you go to mystic circle, the brand new, uh, post is up there.


This dr, this PDF is already there for download.


The element and the modality are not what you begin with.


It is just a flavoring to further understand the energy, to contextualize it.


We know that areas is fire driven.


We know that it is about action is about energy, and it is about the, not the material physical, but how we flow.


We flow through the physical modality.


Being cardinal is a sense of presence and a sense of, um, beginning things or, um, it's beyond the transition point.


We'll just put it that way. So a lot of times they just say it's the start of something new.


It's not always the start, but it is a transitional point beyond what we need to be flexible with so that we can create an el a an element of, um, I don't wanna use the word element 'cause that's goes there to create a mode of rigidity.


Something that is, um, and it's through its spark point.


And this is why the cardinal signs all align with the solstice and the equinoxes because we're, it, it is a starting point, but it is where we are gaining traction into something and determining whether or not we wanna stay with it.


So we want to not categorize cardinal as just starting points.


We want to categorize them as we're, we've done something different and it is beyond the mutability of the previous sign, and we're determining what it's going to be and how we want it to be before we adhere to it.


By the time you hit the fixed modality, you're adhering to it.


You're, you're keeping it static until it needs to be changed through mutability.


So Aries is a fire sign and cardinal modality, the main keyword.


You're gonna see this on all the slides.


This is how I teach it in my book.


It's how I'm gonna be teaching it forward.


The main keyword in Alchemistic astrology for Aries is action.


Every single thematic expression of Aries is always gonna come down to some sort of action.


And you can see a lot of these words.


All of these words are going to have some sort of, even if it feels loose, synonymous association with the word action.


Now we have drive, passion, movement, movement of the physical body, movement of travel.


Aries rules travel, by the way, because it's literally talking about go do that, that's travel, right?


A lot of times we'll talk about Sagittarius being travel.


And I know in my previous classes two years ago at this point of recording that I had mentioned Sagittarius travel, because I learned it that way and I've had to restructure everything at that point.


I hadn't created free theory where I'm like, no, travel is not the ninth house.


Distance is the ninth house. The third house can also be travel as well, but not travel itself.


It's locality. So when I go short trips, it's because Aries sex tiles, the third house, the ninth house, tri the first house.


So in order to go distance, I have to travel.


If I travel, I can go a short distance, but I don't have to, I don't have to stay in the local environment.


Um, right.


So anyway, travel because it's associated with movement, which also because of movement, it's the physical body, it's speed assertion, competition, aggression, conflict.


Notice that it doesn't say anger anywhere on here because anger is an emotion.


Now that does introduce this square between, um, Aries and cancer.


So anger is actually a combination of those because we have to bring in that mood and how we feel about something in order to have anger.


But the aggression portion of it, the actual assertion, the directness, uh, new beginnings, starting something youth, uh, being first pioneering and, um, you know, the impact of something, the force of something and the impulse, like how quick something is against speed.


These are all words that are associated with Aries.


Sharp objects is also because of its piercing nature, its directness, uh, is also so slicing something, um, in terms of not slicing like a, uh, like an orange, but um, cutting into something to not sever it, but cut into it.


Once we sever it.


Um, we're talking about a, a different energy, but the actual stabbing impaling blood, I didn't put blood on here, but that's blood.


The physical body, the head, uh, the forehead specifically, those are all Aries energy, and it's all about starting something, doing something new, taking action, doing going.


All of that is Aries.


So whenever you see anything in a chart, when you look at your first house, it's all about how we go, how we do, how we maneuver.


It is about our, uh, because once the ascendant is involved, now we're bringing an emergence from the subconscious into the conscious.


We're bringing, uh, that point being fueled, because that's the horizon line being fueled by purpose.


The connective vital tissue, which is the ecliptic, the imaginary line between the earth and the sun, that that pinpoint that is the ascendant right there is, um, is within that first house energy and creates motivation through action.


So it gives us a reason to do something.


That is what your ascendant is, is how you show up.


It's, it's literally the physical emergence that is your ascendant point.


So all of these words are going to apply, yeah, like piercing, no, yes.


Piercing would also be an Aries energy.


Anything that that, um, that wounds that.


Um, yeah, like I said, we already talked about blood and whatever.


Anytime you do something first, anything, anytime you do anything impulsive, reactionary, um, reactionary is a com.


Com is kind of a combination of Aries and cancer as well, because it has to do with our, uh, emotional point.


But when we get into it, it, it is always in conflict of safety, right?


When your passions and drive need, they themselves don't need any sort of, um, feelings of safety, but your security within what you're doing, that passion comes from, this is who I feel like I am.


Otherwise there is no passion.


Cool. Moving on to the next one.


So this is free theory for Taurus. It is ruled by Venus.


It's the same as the second house.


Again, all of these are exactly the same.


Venus is energy, inwardly, Taurus and the second house energy are all the same energy.


Whenever you talk about Venus, obviously you're talking about Taurus and you're talking about Libra.


I'm not gonna go into this. You guys can watch those, um, slides later or download it and kind of use it as a reference point.


When we get into Taurus's key word, it is value through the self.


Um, the element is earth.


Earth tells us that it is a physical material presence.


It is something on the, uh, on the thread of reality and its modality is fixed.


This tells us that tar energy is in a stagnation or a set pace, and it's not looking for change.


It is not looking for, uh, a reason to have to waiver.


It is not looking for, uh, you know, a purpose to start something or change anything.


It is saying, we've already established it, this is what it is, and let's move on.


So, um, being the self value, which means it's the, again, when we talked about inferior versus superior, it's the inferior position, uh, amplifies this, but taurus's energy is based off of that association of when Venus is between the earth and the sun.


So it creates anything that is hours of value in a material level or a reality plane that is, I wouldn't say immovable, but it's not there to move.


So we have resources, which can be literally anything that is, you have access to a, you know, tarot cards.


The cards themselves are resources.


So they are Taurus energy for the deck of cards.


It also is items in general, um, belongings, possessions, luxury.


So value in the levels of value would be luxury money and how they can tie into luxury.


Obviously being, when you take like luxury and items and you put those two together, you get jewelry, for example.


Uh, art and talents themselves, because these are self-created, uh, art artwork because it's an item that is art.


So the actual artwork is art is a tarus as well.


Plants and earthly things of values, especially because plants are here as resources.


We use them as resources.


We eat them, which contributes to food.


We use them for, um, some of them for medicine we use them for, which is also that sextile, well, most of them actually.


That's that sextile from, uh, Pisces by the way, is that we use plants for medicine, food for medicine.


Um, yeah, values, like not value in terms of what has value, but your actual values, your integrative self, that creates what you find valuable, not only in the tangible, but within the, you know, scope of reality, self-worth your senses and sensuality.


Uh, physical comfort.


I didn't have enough room to write the word physical, but it is physical comfort as opposed to emotional comfort because it has to do with the earth-based stuff, items, whatnot.


So, uh, Silas and his blanket, 'cause he's a tar rising, those types of things, uh, senses already said.


The throat, the, uh, your talents. And then fuel.


So fuel's an interesting one because I've seen that kind of all over the place.


But fuel is a resource.


Uh, most often it's a natural resource actually.


And uh, whether you're using food for fuel or you're using gasoline for your vehicle, it is fuel.


And that's the semis, sextile from Aries to Taurus.


Without the appropriate fuel, you can't exert the energy.


It's also the square from Aquarius to Taurus.


Moving on again, here is Gemini's energy.


Mercury inward house three is the same energy.


There's free theory. The main key word is the mind inner.


So anything that's mental.


So we have facts and figures like numbers, um, you know, words in general options or anytime you have a, an assortment or a variety of anything, curiosity, perception, your eyes and your hands, siblings, cousins, coworkers, neighbors, also classmates, uh, which attributes to early learning.


Anything at arms reach your local environment.


I didn't put oh, right here.


Local, local environment tools like hammers and screwdrivers or whatever.


The different options to be able to use with your hands.


Those are all, uh, Gemini, energy, communication and actual speech.


Uh, thoughts and ideas, messages and documentations.


That includes texting and then early learning, learning in general.


But early learning when we're talking really about the fundamentals, the basics, and that is without any sort of philosophical approach or application.


So when you're learning something, just kind of getting the information.


Information also another key word that is Gemini.


It doesn't take over. We say it's higher education, but really what it is, is anytime you add a philosophical or a wandering approach that you're not saying, this is what it is.


That becomes, um, Sagittarian energy.


On the other end of this cool free theory for cancer rule by the moon, same energy as the fourth house.


The key word is, uh, safety.


We have water and cardinal, by the way, with Gemini, it is an air sign.


So it is all about the flow of the intellect and it is mutable.


So it's ever changing. Uh, cancer is a water.


It is about the fluidity within the emotional realm, the undercurrents, and it is cardinal.


So we're establishing something, um, that we are determining if we want before we, um, agree to it or, or, uh, sustain it.


Key word is safety, which obviously is the same as security.


So whenever you talk about like a security system, it literally is cancer energy protection, which isn't on this list, but that's another one.


Feelings and moods.


Subconscious as opposed to Neptune, which rules the unconscious, which I actually didn't put in there.


Nurturing care, self-care, those are all cancer energy.


Empathy, which is connecting to somebody through mood, through feelings, through emotions, uh, privacy and things.


All things that are private or personal.


Your response to something is an emotional response.


It's a reactive response. Uh, that is cancer.


So sometimes you'll see response as an Aries thing, but that's actually the action on response.


The response itself is cancer, ancestry, your lineage, uh, just going back, uh, mother motherhood, mothers, grandmothers, uh, maternal like people, maternity, all of those things.


And family, especially on the mother's side.


But it's usually through a mother's lineage.


Um, these are all cancer, house and home.


The physical and the feeling of hometown, which includes country domestication, agriculture, which obviously the tilling of the land, the land being here, and the actual, uh, what you do to care for the crops and be able to cycle that through.


That is all cancer's energy.


I'm, keep it going 'cause I haven't seen any questions.


Keeping it moving. Remember we have a q and A at the end as well, Leo, fire.


So remember, actionable flow, uh, modality is fixed.


So Leo's energy is very much about sus sustenance and not sustenance.


That's a Taurus thing, sustaining.


Um, and the key word is vitality.


Now, right now, before I go any further, I do wanna remind you that the reason why this matters so much is not just because of quantifying things and having that level of precision and accuracy, but it's because we need articulation, which is another thing within alchemistic astrology to ensure that if we're reading for ourself or we're re reading for somebody else, that our brains interpret things properly.


And our conveying of messages and how it's received and how we process is not muddied or convoluted by using the wrong words.


So if you're talk articulation goes a step further into saying, if you're talking about cancer's energy and you start saying, you think you do this, every single person will be like, I don't think I do anything.


Because automatically, you know, that think is Gemini, think is Virgo, think is the mind.


And it doesn't have anything to do with how I feel about it, and it's how I think about it.


So when we're talking about cancerous energy, we always talk about how we feel, how we, how it, the security behind it, the safety behind it, the um, the mood, the feel, the vibe.


All those words are cancer.


And you can use those when describing cancer traits.


But when you talk about mercury, you can't say, well, you feel you know, better than everybody.


No, because that doesn't have any moon lunar influence whatsoever.


If we're talking strictly about mercury, you think you know better would be, you know, depending on how the chart is, could be that.


So it's very important that these words are used so that we have an accurate level of understanding with all of this.


This is why it's so scientifically precise.


But anyway, Leo is about vitality.


And vitality contributes to purpose.


Vitality meaning life, life force.


Uh, the thing, the fire within literally the fire element that is fixed, it's what burns and stays burn, burning and stays consistent as much as possible.


There are always fluctuations within fixed energy.


It doesn't matter that it's fixed.


This is why we don't want to adhere to it too much.


It's just like a kind of a thematic lens that we look at it through.


It is the ego, it is your character. It's also characters.


So if you're talking about people like a person, the existence of that person that you're talking about is Leo.


Uh, literally existence in itself. Your right to exist.


Your right to be is Leo as well.


Happiness, uh, a sense of, um, it, it it's that sense of, um, not achievement, success or fulfillment.


'cause those are all Capricorn. But it's the level that comes before that that contributes to those things.


It's that sense of validation, celebration, uh, happiness, a a sense of knowing that this is aligned with the core of your, um, your being, your sense of expression.


Sometimes we say creative expression, creative expression is because Pisces Energy, queen Cox is into Leo.


So you're getting that creativity from Pisces and it's fueling your Leo energy.


So it is creative expression, but it's also character expression and personal expression.


In fact, characters in a movie or in a novel are also Leo, play fun, recreation.


Romance. Romance isn't on this list, but it's there.


I can only put so many keywords.


The father, grandfather, father figures, they are all going to be the son.


Children, youth, someone who's acting childish, your inner child all here, young age, which obviously youth leadership through being through magnetizing and, and doing by example, saying, this is the way it is.


Um, which is also another key word is, and then lifestyle.


This is literally just how I am. That is lifestyle.


That is Leo, that is vitality. Voice is dry Now, Virgo is also ruled by mercury and aligns with the same energies as the sixth house.


Except we know here that it's the outward mind.


It is an earth element. This is why it rules reality, which you'll see here is a keyword right there.


It is how we have, um, interpreted, well, that's, that's a bad word for it.


It's how we've analyzed and concluded that this is life.


This is real because it's earth.


So we're taking the mental faculty and we're applying it to something that is tangible and, um, and ever present within what we can see.


Do, feel, touch, taste, whatever.


Although some of that is tarus energy. Same element, though.


The modality is still mutable.


So no matter what, mercury is a mutable energy.


It's not the same with Venus.


Venus actually has a different flow.


But whenever you're talking about Mercury's energy, it is always mutable.


It's always changing. It's always looking for adjustment to say, do we need to continue on our route?


Or do we need to make changes?


Making sure that it's flowing. Logic.


A lot of people assign logic to Gemini.


It is not Gemini is the curiosity. It's the playing.


It has a, a, a youthful energy because it's in a sextile.


Remember that's how the sex tiles work with Leo's energy, which is youth.


So Gemini itself isn't youth, but it, it has a level of youth too.


It's the playful, um, it is the analyzation, uh, Virgo, uh, the organization, the compartmentalizing, all of that is, uh, categorization, all that kind of stuff.


Anytime when you organize or you do any of that, uh, routine, uh, figuring out exactly what you want to do that's gonna make sense in the world work, uh, and tying that into service that you'll usually see service to others.


But the the two others is actually implied because of the way the zodiac wheel is split.


Now, quadrants, um, is something that I had to rework.


You'll see that in the book as well.


1, 2, 3 is not a quadrant. 12. One two is the quadrant.


3, 4, 5 is a quadrant. 6, 7, 8 is a quadrant.


6, 7, 8 is all other people's stuff.


Uh, or not stuff necessarily, but it all has to do with other people.


Six house is service to others.


Seventh house is relating to others.


Eighth is other people's assets.


So it's always the others critique, criticism.


Uh, you as an employee or you having employees is all Virgos energy.


Uh, health details, reality, uh, refinement, efficiency, practicality, precision, accuracy.


That's all Virgo, uh, utility.


The, the usage of resources is also Virgo.


And there was one that was missing.


Mental health is attributed to mental health.


Remember, it's ruled by mercury.


So whenever you're talking about health, it's always in the head.


So the physical body, Quin Cox is in, um, it opposes, uh, Pisces, this Virgo energy and Taurus trines it.


So Taurus naturally feeds in your fuel, your resources, your food naturally feeds into whether or not your brain operates properly.


Most people have brain fog simply because they're eating like crap.


Like it, it's, it's not an opinion.


It is literally in the stars. It is how the world is.


The universe is formatted, um, and realizing this on more of a, not necessarily a spiritual, although you could call it that, but more of a foundational grand design level might contribute to you being like, you know what?


I need to start paying attention to the garbage that I eat because it's going to create, uh, issues.


And those issues tend to be long term because Virgo, uh, rines into Capricorn.


So whatever is being fed into Virgo, whether that is work or service or detail or food or whatever, is going to then naturally go into Capricorn's energy for the long term, for time and for an inevitable closure.


So it's like, how, what's my longevity?


How long do I wanna live?


Well pay attention to your health, mental health specifically.


And within free theory, we see here that Gemini is the friction point for growth, conflict clarity.


So we know that Virgo, the assessment is that stress, which is, you know, stress, anxiety, our perception, right?


That is Geminis energy. It counters our mental health.


It creates, if I go back here to Virgo, it's the conflict point.


It needs symbiosis through agreement.


Now, we didn't talk about Gemini ruling anxiety and Gemini ruling.


Um, you know, your, your options in what you're doing and how your brain races and goes back and forth, and the stress that comes from that, um, that contributes to, you know, it Quin con's into Scorpios energy, which contributes to trauma.


And that trauma contributes through a Quin Kongs directly back into Aries, which feeds into a Quin, Kongs back into Virgo.


We're getting into Quinco flow here, but that's how this all operates.


Now, if we come back to Virgo, remember, stress and mental health are directly related.


So stress needs to be in support of mental health.


Stress is not necessarily a bad thing, but when it becomes overwhelming and overbearing, um, through that opposition of Jupiter, that's where we have a problem.


And then we have Virgo that squares off with Sagittarius.


So that becomes the conflict point, is that overwhelm.


That overwhelm is the problem.


So resolving this means focusing on what is gonna be best for articulation through mental health, through what is real.


And this is where prioritizing things is extremely important.


What you're stressed out because you're overwhelmed, because you're not prioritizing and what actually matters in the real world.


Start doing that and you'll realize that overwhelm will be dis will diminish.


Uh, so we got there. Libra, also ruled by Venus, like Taurus, uh, seventh house, same exact energies.


It is an air sign.


So while value is still the key word, it is value through mentality.


It is value through outward expression of mental faculty.


It is the value associated with what can be perceived because of that rine from, from Gemini.


It is a flowing mental process, this Libra energy, even though it is value.


So it's really value of thought. It is a cardinal sign.


So again, we've gotten past the mutability, we're trying to start something, see what's gonna stick, see what's gonna work, and, uh, and play until we get to a point where it's like, okay, we're gonna maintain this.


So that value outward connection, you know, a lot of people talk about, um, networking for the 11th house, and that's true.


But prior to being able to network, network is a multiple.


It, it requires, um, there's a, a sex tile from the, the ninth house to the 11th.


It requires a level of abundance and expansion.


So before you can hit any level of expansion, you have to have an actual connection, one-to-one with anybody.


So that actually happens through conversation.


Now, conversation is not Gemini, communication, thoughts, ideas, all Gemini, but the actual relaying of that and balancing it back and getting something back through the mental faculties and air is conversation.


That is Libra. It is the balance.


It's the reciprocity that we see here.


Balance, peace, uh, again, equalizing equilibrium.


Your actual equilibrium in your body is Libra energy, whether or not you're off balance or not.


Reception. So giving and putting energy out is Aries receiving so that you can bounce it back is Libra.


Legal matters again, fairness, justice, relationships.


So relationships can be obviously romantic, intrapersonal, interpersonal, uh, platonic, business associated and whatnot.


Legal matters also is your relationship to the government.


So your business is Libra. It is the fairness that balance.


It is how you relate to other people.


Hormones is ruled by Libra mediation, which is you, well, you know what mediation is, and these are like the outward value through air design, fashion, beauty, aesthetics.


These are all how we showcase what is valuable to us.


On a mental level, it is that, that artistic quality, but put out in a visual medium, or could be a visual medium, but any way where others can perceive it.


And then we have grace and elegance, which is, goes into diplomacy intact, which is really just about not being too harsh.


Not being too soft. It, it graces that fine line.


It's that middle ground.


It is that compromise that we were talking about before with Libras.


Energy is that oppositional energy that keeps everything from tipping to one side or the other.


So that is Libra. Scorpio is synonymous with Pluto, synonymous with the eighth house energy.


Here's your free theory as we continue on.


These are, um, it is also a water sign.


So it's that sub, uh, that sub-level current that is of an emotional nature of a, um, a, a fluid nature.


And the modality is fixed.


So although there is a level, you'll see some of the keywords like transformation.


It's not meant to be fast.


It's not meant to be ever changing.


The, the change that comes with Scorpio takes a long time.


It's because you're trying to maintain something.


And one thing that's not listed here, the main key word is depth.


Going down the rabbit hole, conspiracy theories, that's all Scorpio's energy.


Um, but the one that contributes to the fixed energy is cycles.


So you're assuming the sextile back from Virgo in free theory, which is routine.


And you're going deep into routine, which means you're doing it again, and you're doing it again, and you're doing it again, and you're doing it again.


And these are your cycles.


Now, toxicity is also part of Scorpio, but again, I can only do so many words and it kind of aligns with all of these other words here.


Anything that has to do with darkness or confinement, small spaces is Scorpio.


Anytime you're diving to the depths of something, another word that's not on here that's very important is pressure.


So while Aries is impact, um, Scorpio is pressure.


It's the sustained that fixed energy, the sustained, uh, uh, pushing essentially into the depths of something.


When we're here and we're pushing, pushing, we're diving deeper.


We're going into the depths of how much we can push.


That's why it's also, whenever you repress something is Scorpio's energy and why it's therapy to go find it.


Uh, crime mystery, anything that's niche, taboo, that's unaccepted by society, but still seems to have some traditional set of society.


Like for instance, there's a reason why people who are, who are the most uptight, who have that more Capricorn energy, they're, they're rigid, they're traditional.


There's always an element of like repression there that creates that tradition.


And they're the most sexually repressed people ever for this exact reason that you have that sextile from Scorpio into Capricorn.


And from Capricorn's standpoint, there's already Scorpio's energy.


So there's something they've been stuffing down because there's a level of conformity that comes with Capricorn.


And, and Scorpio is not, um, Scorpio is anything that is taboo.


Anything that would make them, them themselves from an internal level is being pushed down and stuffed away.


Transformation and regeneration, these are all about going to the depths using decay.


I have poop here because Scorpio rules, you know, sewage and literal excretion of, you know, the stuff that we don't want anymore.


Um, regeneration, transformation.


These are all by going deep so that we can come back.


Willpower, inner drive, those are all themes of Scorpio.


Uh, dust and debris, the reproductive system, the act of reproducing, which requires, oops, which requires intimacy, which is also deep bonds, um, kinks, which is that taboo nature over here.


Trust, being able to have that intimacy, to be able to have that deep on, to develop that trust, uh, companionship or not companionship, that's Libra.


Um, what's the word? Collaboration.


Using other people's resources, which is another key word to be able to blend in with what you are doing, with what they have.


Uh, whether that's a talent, a skill, uh, or an actual asset to be able to do that.


Uh, inheritances, investments, anything that you're gonna dive deeper in, it's gonna take an element of time to get out.


Secrecy, things that are hidden. So on. This is all Scorpio.


This is a very, very important energy.


I, I would say in the in, not that there's an importance, I don't like hierarchies, but it's one of the ones that's so overlooked and misunderstood, yet contributes so directly into your daily life, um, that it, it needs more, um, correct application and understanding so that people are not demonizing or vilifying Scorpio's energy.


Sagittarius is going to be, here's your free theory, uh, ruled by Jupiter synonymous with the ninth house energy.


It is a fire sign.


So again, actionable, um, life kind of burning and whatnot.


The mutability of it, it's that it's ever changing.


It's looking to fix what was, uh, that we've maintained and look for changes so that it can be flexible and that it can kinda lead us into new things.


The key word is expansion on Sagittarius, which is what leads us to abundance, because we're expanding through the opposition of mercury, which is Gemini's energy.


We're getting hypotheticals, hypothesizing, um, kind of, uh, guesswork, which is the mental wandering that is all Sagittarian, uh, beliefs, mindset, culture, which is literally beliefs that are infused from family or lineage or a sense of, um, where we came from.


Stories, mythologies, uh, these are all storytelling, drama, dramatics, uh, the stage, stage plays, these are all Sagittarian energy, opportunity and chance accumulation.


So the queen CO's from Sagittarius into Taurus is gonna say, well, we're going to have a certain amount that could grow and it could grow negatively, by the way.


So it's accumulation or it's negative growth, but that's all Sagittarius that feeds directly into TA's energy.


So we have growth. Again, growth does not have to be positive, and it doesn't even have to be outward.


It could be inner growth, it could be downward growth.


It can be, uh, anything that expands out.


It's a numbers game, so you're multiplying numbers.


It's multiplying is also Sagittarius.


Wisdom, philosophy, anything that is foreign to us where we have to reach out to go find it.


Long distances. Um, measurements where we're adding measurements in, uh, exploration, adventure and distance.


I already said. So that's Sagittarian energy.


Capricorn is ruled by Saturn synonymous for the 10th house.


It is earth elements, so it's again, grounded.


Um, back in reality.


Jasmine's asking Sagittarius is mindset. Yes.


So it's tied in with beliefs.


So mindset is gonna be based off of what we believe using the opposition from Gemini.


So Gemini's the curiosity.


We're taking the facts, the figures, here's the data, and here's like, we're playing with the data to get something that we can then, that can be logical.


Whereas Jupiter's energy, Sagittarius is based off of beliefs which are rooted in a what if adventure.


So essentially you're, you're opposing the facts and figures and instead of it being, it's not the mental perception, it is what we've taken from perception and said, this is, this is what we're going to believe in.


This is what we're going to expand upon, which is mindset.


So it's more, it has that definitive, but it's not, it's rooted in belief as opposed to truth in perception.


Mindset takes it a step further.


Capricorn's the earth element, cardinal again.


So we're talking about, you know, the reality of things.


The main key word for Capricorn is structure.


Anything that is structure.


Anything that has rules and regulations.


Anything that has walls or barriers, that is all going to be Capricorn.


That includes time. Time has rules, uh, goals.


The things and goals are tied in with structure and that length of how long something's gonna happen, which ties into time to get to achievement.


It also has to do with your reputation, your public image, the public in general, because that becomes the status quo, becomes the tradition, uh, history, which is time and tradition together.


Uh, squaring off with, uh, this is the fun one, squaring off with Aries energy is like, did history actually happen that way?


Uh, a lot of times it didn't.


And the reason it didn't is because of that square.


So we would have to understand what could have been and what the actions were to understand the history of limitations, which goes in with rules, regulations, being the best.


And in this moment, I'll mention that, like this is a completion point for Capricorn.


Once we've hit the completion point, there's always that person that comes along and says, Nope, I'm better.


That's what breaking a record is.


Aquarius is breaking the record.


Capricorn is holding the record, uh, tradition, authority, anyone in a position of authority.


And this is where the confusion of the father being Capricorn versus parents being Capricorn parents absolutely are, but that could be mom, that could be dad.


It's anybody of authority or your own authority and how that sits in your chart in your life.


Reputation, respect, uh, elders, which is gained through reputation, consequence, the result of your actions, results in general, anything that's at the end of something.


The finish line is also Capricorn.


Endurance, stamina, uh, how long you can go under whatever context, discipline, um, adhering to something that would give you structure and actually building something in construction.


This is all Capricorn's energy.


Aquarian energy is that next step.


It's Uranus ruled the 11th House.


Uh, again, all of this is synonymous. There was free theory.


It is an air sign. So again, it has to do with logistics, logic, um, and, uh, the flow of mental faculty.


And then you have modality being fixed, which is ironic.


A lot of people don't understand that about Aquarian Energy because they're like, oh, it's revolution, it's change it.


And it is all those things. But how does that happen?


It's happening because there's something that you're trying to carry forward and however long it takes you to do that, you're gonna keep doing it.


So rebellion is not just, I'm rebelling now and tomorrow.


I'm not rebelling anymore. It's a sustained effort.


And, um, that goes with revolution.


It goes with being individualistic and your uniqueness.


Your uniqueness isn't something that changes.


Like your quirks are your quirks.


And while you can work on them, they change, you gain some, you lose some.


For the most part, they're pretty fricking fixed.


The future is fixed.


So when you're talking about it though, a query and energy is about oscillation.


It is about innovation.


It's about the change required for the future.


So the future isn't fixed, like it's going to happen that way, but it is going to happen.


There will be a future.


How it happens as acquiring is energy through, again, networking, contact with others.


How our how our mind achieves, you know, a step beyond achievement to be able to make change breakdown structures, build something new, see things from a different angle so that we can have a future that's gonna be positive and beneficial.


It is detachment. That also means things that are cut off.


So sometimes we talk about like death.


I don't know if you've noticed, and you'll see when we get the Pisces, the word death is an I Pisces slide.


It wasn't on Scorpio slide, and it's not on Aquarius's slide.


However, death can happen under all them circumstances, all damn circumstances, all of those different energies can result in death because death is a, a, a set of permanence.


And none of these have to do with things that are permanent.


Um, but technically Capricorn's energy is the end.


So the actual finish line of your life isn't Pluto.


And it's not Aquarius and it's not Pisces.


It's actually Capricorn.


Capricorn isn't how you die, but it is the end.


It is the longevity, it's the time, it's the definitive conclusion.


All Capricorn's energy.


So when you're talking about death, it's actually Capricorn, but nobody talks about it because they wanna believe that it's Pluto.


Pluto is a way you can die because you dive into the depths of something, you decay away and that contributes to death, right?


You can decay and not die in the sextile, but if you've died, there will be decay.


A lot of people don't realize that Capricorn rules death.


And it is also, well, it's not.


It should be the death card. It is actually the devil card.


So in tarot it should be the death card, but it's not because people don't realize that that's what Capricorn rules death.


It is literally the end of exhaustion.


Aquarius energy is the step beyond that.


It is an ability to cheat death, so to speak.


But I won't get into that part of Aquarius.


It is the mechanics.


It is how things work, which is why it's technology, it's electricity, which isn't on here, but it, it is, it's that type of energy, uh, uh, that contributes to that.


Uh, it is questions because it's taking Virgos analytics and leading it into a desire to understand and have the mechanics.


So it is, we question through acquiring and energy science, same thing.


Innovation, improving anything, changing things when you're flipping a house.


Aqua and energy, uh, groups, teams, collections, not the collective.


Because once you start talking about the collective, you're talking about everyone.


You're not talking about individuals anymore.


You're talking about a whole, not a group of people.


You're talking about the whole group, which again is Capricorn's energy, networking, connecting to others, expanding out on our one-to-one integrations and our, our ability to relate to people to create a web, which is also an aquarium thing.


Randomness, the ability to be eccentric and go wherever we want based off of those different connections, which is why Aquarius rules the nervous system.


And then finally, uh, we have Pisces, which is synonymous with Neptune because it's its ruler and the 12th house, same keywords.


It is a water element.


So we know that it's about the undercurrents, it's about the flowing and fluid nature of things.


And the modality is mutable.


So it's always something that moves, which is why it rules water.


When cancer doesn't rule water, Scorpio doesn't rule water because it's not the presentation or the the start of it.


It's not the fixed nature of it.


It's actually ice would be Scorpio water in its fluid form or even vaporized form would be, uh, Pisces.


'cause it has that dissolution, it has that fluid property.


When you, um, technically the water that forms ice is still Pisces, by the way.


It's just that Scorpio has overtaken it so that you have Scorpio's influence to create ice.


Uh, erosion is actually, um, Scorpio's energy because that's a decay.


The the, it doesn't go anywhere.


So the unknown and Pisces energy requires dissolution.


So if there's no dissolution for those new disbursement, then it's not going to be, um, Pisces energy.


It's going to be Scorpio's energy as decay.


But you're not wrong in the fact that when you talk about the erosion of a certain port, the erosion itself is the decay of it.


The fact that there is not soil there anymore would be PIs and energy with that Scorpio.


So you're actually pulling those two energies together.


Sand is moved. So that's a whole, that's a displacement thing.


You know, typically speaking, uh, so is erosion.


It's just a movement of energy. It's why it's Scorpio.


'cause it feeds directly into movement.


But that's a whole, it's, it's good thought.


It's good thinking. You're on the right track.


So the key word for Pisces, energy is unknown.


And this is literally what isn't there.


And when you're looking at grand design, you have to realize that there has to be something that means it's not there.


There's actually an aspect that means without, which is Quin cos and there's a zodiac sign that means without, and that is Pisces.


Sometimes you have to read Pisces as I don't have it, or it's unknown to me whether or not I do have it.


And it could be either or because it's unknown.


So inspiration comes from a place that we just don't know hope.


Also. Now optimism is actually a belief in chance that is Sagittarian energy.


Some people try to say that Pisces is optimistic. It's not.


Pisces is fed by optimism.


That's where the inspiration, the hope is that's the square from Sagittarius.


But it needs to feed into the unknown, which then through free theory, has to connect to everything else.


Creativity, spirituality, all unknown things.


Intuition thought coming from nothing is the square from Pisces to Gemini.


This is the, uh, starting point of it. The commensory point.


And there's a, there's an interesting, before I continue, there's an interesting element of Pisces is that if you look in your chart at the 12th house, that is you, before you, it is, you know, you in the womb, you floating in the amniotic sack in the fluid.


That's Pisces energy. It's the 12th house.


It is your mother's pregnancy is actually sitting in your 12th house.


The conditions around it is actually sitting in your 12th house.


And how you were conceived is in your 12th house, which is fun to look at moving on fantasy, fantastic realms, de Lulu land illusion, delusion, loss, lack, anything that is negative in terms of having physicality.


Anything that opposes reality.


This is actually where a lot of people think, um, because of idealism.


A lot of people think that Virgo itself inherently is perfectionism.


It's actually not, it's reality that's fed in by an opposition to Pisces idealism to create perfectionism through detail.


So Virgo itself doesn't rule perfectionism, but becomes perfectionistic based off of the relationship with Pisces.


Pisces is also anything in the background behind the scenes, things that are going on that you don't know about.


Uh, imagination, which obviously goes into creativity and fantasy reflections, mirrors, windows, anything that could be but isn't, but is, is, uh, is there.


So that's why you can walk into a window and be like, what the hell happened?


Uh, dis distractions is, uh, aquarion energy.


But things that that happen that you don't see would be pising energy, dissolution loss, things that are going away, things that are ending like actual endings.


Um, which is interesting to think of.


Capricorn being the death point.


And there's a sextile from, um, because there, there's an element of death we don't fully understand, but there's a sextile from death to, uh, Pisces energy, which means, is it actually the ending point?


Like cyclically speaking? Is it the true ending point?


Is death, the actual ending point?


No, you can come back, you could be revived through electricity, like through resuscitation, which is that aquarion energy, which is why people can cheat death even though Capricorn rules it.


Once you've hit the ending though you are dead.


Like you can't be at the ending point.


So you can have these near-death experiences and you can have these spiritual awakenings and whatnot with it, but then you can cycle through.


So it's an interesting concept there.


In order to have it, you have to actually die, which is, which is crazy to think of anyway.


Uh, anything like water fluidity, anything that that is fluid flowing type of energy is Pisces, like a sundress, um, would encapsulate obviously fashion and design and, and, uh, an element of grace that that comes into Pisces.


Um, but the actual flowing nature of it is Pisces energy.


One thing we didn't talk about, um, with Leo is that it, it rules color as well.


'cause it's expression of something dissolution, idealism, background, imagination, escapism.


This is a big one. We talk about this a lot or I do anyway, that a lot of people who are spiritual and who dive deep into spirituality are actually just escaping the real world.


They're looking for this fantasy, this idealistic thing that cannot happen.


And they, as a result, cannot balance the spirituality with the real world.


Now I look, I was very, I was never really anti spiritual.


I just realized that the spiritual community was full of it and kind of just went a different route and thought I wasn't spiritual because I wasn't them.


But in reality, this is something through, especially as I was doing astrology, so wow, spirituality is so important, I don't know that I have it.


And then I started realizing, well, I do have it, I just don't have it like other people.


And yeah, new age fluff, a hundred percent.


And it's, what it is, is a bunch of people who are depressed.


Depression is by the way, ruled by, um, Pisces because it's literally the op, it's the opposition.


Remember Queen Ks of the will to live is depression.


So Quin cos from Pisces to Leo, and, um, it's illusion like your depression's not real, like you're actually depressed.


Something made you sink, you know, through Scorpio's energy to, to trying into Pisces.


But you're sitting in this cycle of, of what's not real, what's not actually happening.


And this is why it's so hard to get pulled outta that because you have to jumpstart yourself through Aries energy, which you don't understand how to, how do I become motivated when I'm depressed?


That's that semis sex style.


Well, you gotta, the easiest way is find something that you can do something of passion, go to the gym, uh, you know, that's why it's all airy stuff.


Go do something. You can't, if you don't do something, you can sink deeper into depre, into depression.


If you do something, it's almost impossible to be depressed because you're enhancing your vitality.


Use your creativity. Go color.


Like if you can't get yourself to go, you doing something is any physical actionable thing.


It doesn't have to be like go for a run.


It could be go for a drive sometimes, sometimes it could be go get a coloring book and start coloring, you know, anything dance, anything that's gonna pull you out of that, that's going to take a higher vibration of Pisces energy and fuse it into a new cycle is going to pull you out of that.


Burnout is, is a combination of things, but remember Capricorn is the exhaustion.


So to get out of, of burnout, you have to, you would have to take the oppositional point and feed it in, which is rest.


It's cancer. Cancer is rest, sleep.


That's why it's a subconscious. Pisces is the unconscious.


So some people think Pisces is subconscious, it's not.


The moon is, that's where our subconscious tendencies come from, a sense of safety and have a sense of habit and, and, uh, ritual to it, which is a combination of Virgo and, um, Scorpio's energy.


Pisces is, uh, yes, Pisces Joy is also dreams.


Uh, those are the illusions.


That's where we get, when you get into Scorpio's energies is when you get into your rem sleep, your deep sleep, which leads us into our dream state.


If you don't hit that rem you don't get those dreams.


So these are, that's it. That's the last slide, y'all.


So let me go back to the beginning. Woo, yay, right there.


Uh, I'm gonna stop sharing the screen real quick so I can just come back and chat with y'all.


That whole 12th house thing really makes sense, you know, the idealism, uh, you know, constantly searching for something that isn't there, trying to find the, the thing.


Yes. And that's, and that's what it, you know, when you come in and you allow yourself to, um, to step into your creativity and your imagination.


My brother was talking about, was it my brother?


No, it was one of my clients, uh, talking about they are writing a book and, um, in writing the book, they've been hitting these, these, um, roadblock.


You know, when you, you sit, what is it, a mental block or whatever, creative block, whatever term you wanna use, but they, they're like, they're there and then they're stuck.


Now it's gonna be different for everybody's energy and their energy.


They were getting really stuck with a Scorpio, a Pluto in Scorpio in the third house thing that was squaring off with their 12th house ruler, which means they were too fixated on, um, not necessarily the details, but the ideas and trying to play around with the ideas where the imagination was literally not coming through.


So you can't, you can't pursue through this connection to your higher power.


I talk all the time about how we are mini gods, right?


Some people hate that term, and I, I don't know what to tell 'em.


You know, you can believe whatever you wanna believe, but if you're on this journey, the way that we can teach it, Ashley and I, is we believe that we're all mini gods.


Most people understand or have a similar belief that we're all connected through a source, but it doesn't mean that we are all the same.


And I think this is where I deviate so hard from the spiritual community, right before we got on this, on this webinar, someone who was a, ironically their screening was something like practical, something astrology, something.


And they were talking very, very D lulu stuff.


That new age, that fluff that you were talking about, because they're, the way that they see it is everyone's connected.


We're all supposed to help each other, supposed to do.


And the problem is like, if we're all supposed to help each other and there's gonna be a natural helping of others anyway because of Aries Queen Coing into Virgo, what would be the point of Aries?


Like if the ultimate conclusion was always for other people, what would be the point of having a natal chart?


What would be the point of being different from other per, from another person?


And what would be the, the point of having a son or an Aries?


These are all very personal things.


The split of the axis goes from the 12th house to the end of the fifth house, beginning of the 12th, end of the fifth.


So your axis between personal and not personal is actually tilted.


It is not the ascendant descendant, it's not the first seventh, it is the 12th, 12th sixth.


Technically the sixth starts the outer world.


The 12th starts the inner world.


And if, if our everything was connection to everybody in a way where we had no separation of ourselves versus other people, there would literally be no point in living.


So while I believe that service to others and connecting to others is a huge vital, integral part of what we're supposed to do, it's also supposed to be being ourselves and doing things for our own motivations that will be received in some way, not for them, but in a way where we can discuss it.


If we say, I'm gonna do it my own way and do it for me, and I don't care about you, well you're, you're cutting out a lot of the chart means you're gonna be out of alignment and there's gonna be no purpose for the thing that you're doing.


You're not gonna be able to sell it, you're not gonna be able to talk about it, nobody's gonna care.


You're literally cutting out the, the motive and then you're going to lose motivation because nothing's cycling back in to keep the thing going.


It's like running out of road, but there's nothing there.


There's a cliff there. So you're like, you're, the wheel is going and then all of a sudden you're like, screw everybody.


And you're like, okay, well I can't drive forward.


There's nothing to keep me moving.


This is really good. Thank you Marnie.


Uh, lucid Dreams is really a combination of energies that are bringing a sense of reality, um, into the scope of how Neptune, how, um, Pisces and how the 12th House sits in your chart.


When you start identifying in energy as something like lucid dreams is not dreams, it's lucid dreams.


You're putting an adjective to them.


As soon as you start adding adjectives, you're adding other energies in because you're quantifying that dream.


So free theory and the, the thematic expression of each one of these energies is not about a specific, it is about the theme itself in generality.


So that when we see it in the chart, we can say, oh, you have lucid dreams.


Oh, you have messed up dreams.


Leo Risings for instance, because I am one and a lot of people I know are tend to have dreams that incorporate things that we're personally insecure about or our sense of security home or rooms that we are very comfortable with that we know very well or family members.


And it's not that we're necessarily dreaming about the family members, that they're incorporated into the dream.


And however that sits as a ruler ship in your chart is gonna be there.


Somebody who has like Mercury or the sixth house ruler in the 12th house is gonna have more of a lucid dream, um, because it's gonna feel very real.


It's gonna bring elements of reality and logic in the brain trying to make sense of the dream within the dream so that you're, like I said, you're, you're adding in other energies to be able to quantify or qualify even these energies.


This hit my brain hurts so good.


Alright, Mo but I think once I get aspects down, this will click a bit more.


So the aspects chapter in in iix astrology is incredibly long.


I think it's like 22 to 24,000 words now, which is a pretty decent length.


I went back and worked all the, there's six minor aspects that sit between the seven major aspects.


So you have the 0, 30, 60, 90, 1, 21 51 80, which are your majors, and you have in between each one you have 15, 45, 75, 1 0 5, 1 35, 1 65 as the 24th harmonic between them.


And I wasn't gonna talk about 'em, and then I realized nobody does for the most part.


So I went back and I added it in there just to kind of protect my work, but also just give you a little something, something on aspects.


And then once the book is out, and you guys have read the book, a majority of you guys have read the book.


I'm gonna go in and start doing, well, I'm gonna do a beginner's course first and then I'm gonna go back and it's gonna be something like this.


Um, but diving a little bit deeper, and then I'm gonna get into aspects in a place where it's like, you guys are going to blow this world out of the water.


No other astrologer will compare to you guys, and I can't wait.


I also agree with where mini gods in the whole universe is being waiting to be birthed once we're elevated to the highest level of our consciousness through reincarnation.


But then people look at me weird.


I mean, people are always gonna look at all of us weird because we aren't subscribing to the natural way.


It's always been done. We're very non Capricorn.


Many of us have either heavy Aquarian energy, which obviously includes Uranus and Neptune, I'm, I'm sorry, uh, 11th house.


We have this Neptune where we, we wanna wander or Sagittarius where there's an element of wandering in both of those.


Um, or we have Saturn retrograde or 10th house ruler, retrograde in our chart.


So it's like what we're trying to restructure, reorder, reorganize, re-understand life, and we've lived a version of life.


Most of us who turn to astrology spiritual modalities.


We, we've lived a version of life that's just not consistent with how everyone says it's supposed to be.


And our Chiron is telling us that, you know, our, beyond it being our insecurities or chiron's telling us that there's something else beyond tradition and wherever that sits in your chart is, is egging you on to say, stop conforming, stop being like what you're expected.


Remove the expectation so that you can enhance wisdom through and, and exploration through, um, an inability to break down structures and find something that's intrapersonal for how you can do something where other people may, may lack, um, structure in their own way.


So, um, yes, that's how that's gonna be in terms of like our spiritual beliefs.


We don't all have to believe this is the beautiful thing of what we do, is we don't all have to believe the same thing.


Like for instance, um, highest level of conscious, the reincarnation.


There's obviously that that theory or that belief that runs through a lot of spirituality that we are living life after life after life after life after life.


And then there's certain things that carry with us.


And then we're supposed to be like achieving this level of ultimate enlightenment.


I don't know if I believe that, but I wouldn't tell you that it's wrong because what we have to agree on is that Pisces means we don't know.


And if we can agree that spirituality means we don't know, then we can allow Jupiter's exploration and philosophical musings.


Its desire to have a little bit of the dramatics, have a little bit of the, you know, let's oppose facts and figures a little bit so that we can square off and say what don't we know?


And, uh, and how can we take belief in spirituality instead of belief usurping spirituality, which is what religion tends to be.


How can we say, well instead of religion, we're trying to take belief into faith and say, well, how do we muse this?


We know we don't know.


So we're accepting Pisces instead of trying to take over Pisces.


That's the problem in the spiritual community is their beliefs.


They force that crap upon you.


Their beliefs matter more than yours. It can't be that way.


There's a square. That's why it happens.


Because naturally speaking, Sagittarius is trying to take over Pisces, but Pisces is planet too.


It is the resolution.


We have to say, well, let's banter because we don't know and just see where it leads us and maybe we will change our beliefs.


Maybe we won't. Maybe we'll figure something out, maybe we won't.


But we have to realize that what we're talking about cannot be proven.


So therefore we have to have a level of acceptance, by the way, also a Pisces term, uh, compassion and and acceptance to say what we don't know, we don't know.


And we have to allow that to positively fuse into our logic, uh, or not logic into our, um, balance out with our logic, but fuse into our mental, um, curiosities as opposed to feeling like being mentally curious is everything.


Um, and, and not saying and not being able to converse about it.


And that's the problem is, is that it's ultimately it's a grand square, right?


Grand cross rather, you know, it's the third ninth house access, the six 12th house axis.


There's a resolution for it, but we have to understand the next one in the square and unify simultaneously.


This is why we learn this so that we can say, oh, you know what I've been doing that I've been telling everyone they've gotta believe this.


Not because it's science. If it's science, it's different.


It's like when I come on in and I say, no, this is the math, this is the science that's different.


You know, that's the astrology, that's the alchemistic portion of astrology that is based off of celestial mechanics, trigonometry.


That's not up for debate.


That is quantifiable, it's verifiable, it's mechanical.


But when we take it from the 11th to the 12th house, which is spiritual, I can't tell you how to apply and I never try to, it's not, I don't tell you, here's how you have to use alchemistic astrology.


Only thing I care about is you understand alchemistic astrology.


You can apply it to fitness, you can apply it to spirituality, you can apply it to real estate.


I don't care your application, whether spiritual or practical is up to you.


I can't tell you that, but I can tell you that if you have the wrong baseline, your spiritual musings are gonna be lost.


You're gonna go into these, into d Lulu land thinking, you're substantiating it with reality and you're not.


So that's why I'm so adamant that we get this down so that you can use it, because a lot of you guys have used it in really great ways, really awesome ways, but I, it's not up to me.


It's up to you to figure out what that is.


All I can say is this works.


That's what Aquarius cares about. Does it work?


Yes, it works. Cool.


At that point it's on you mix it, fuse it, whatever.


And if you do any changes or you try to upgrade what I do, as long as you follow a scientific regimen, meaning if it works for everyone, then it worked.


If it doesn't work for everyone, it doesn't work for anyone.


So if you come across things that don't work for that person, but somehow work for you, it's not right, it's not accurate.


You're, there's mental gymnastics, cog, uh, cognitive dissonance, confirmation bias type stuff going on.


But you know, spiritual growth, that's, that's not a, uh, and here's the thing is like spiritual growth is so much easier with the astrology because the astrology, the 11th house is supposed to support the 12th house, the mechanics, the change of perspective, all supposed to support networking, connecting with each other, all supposed to support our spiritual growth.


It isn't our spiritual growth though networking the collective as they say, which is really the, the 10th house.


But if we say the groups in the organizations, you guys are not my spiritual growth.


And I, and through everybody else here, our network, our little community here is not your spiritual growth.


We are supposed to support your spiritual growth.


You're supposed to use astrology to support your spiritual ambitions.


There is a separation, but we wanna work it together.


Oh, there's a lot of text. Alright, so let's see here.


My Pisces 12, tell us, would that be like, I don't know if I have mothering abilities.


Um, not really mothering because we didn't talk about the moon or the connection to the fourth house series is, is a very realistic, it's more about nutrients.


It's more about the physical nurturing than it is about the actual emotional nurturing of something.


So if you feel like you couldn't physically take care of a child, we still need either the sun or you know, the fourth or the moon for you, your area rising.


So the fourth house ruler associated in some way.


And it could be a minor aspect.


Remember you guys haven't learned these fifteen, forty five, seventy five, a hundred five, you haven't learned these yet.


So you'll look for those.


So Scorpios, the mystery of what already happened.


Pisces, a mystery of what is not there.


Scorpio rules mystery because it requires depth and some sort of absence.


Uh, Pisces is just the energy of what's not there.


Whenever you talk about mystery crime, uh, secret, something that's hidden, that's all Scorpio energy.


When you're talking about Pisces Energy, you wouldn't use mystery.


Mystery flows in.


So you're taking what is hidden, what is secret, what is a cult?


What is taboo? What is, uh, repressed, whatever.


And you're going for this, how it leads into what we don't know how it, so something of mystery is leading into the thing we don't know.


Uh, it itself is known.


Like somebody knows what everything in history that is mystery, someone knows, right?


Like the mystery of like DB Cooper's money, DB Cooper knows.


We don't know. So it's, you know, there's, there's always an element of, um, connection attached to Scorpio's energy as well.


The, it's not something, the difference is whether or not it's a secret, which is what a mystery is.


Uh, it's like who killed somebody?


Well, the killer knows and sometimes the person who was off knows as well.


We don't know. So it's always, you know, an involvement that's just not known.


Um, the element of not knowing is either something that's legitimately not there, like actual fact that no one knows or someone knows, but we don't know.


Scorpio versus Pisces.


Uh, looking forward to finding out what this 15 degree beef between mercury and mood progressed is.


Uh, which one comes first?


Is it mercury that that is ally first, or is it the moon that's progressed?


That's first. I have a question about ancestral themes.


Uh, can you see wounds or energies carried through family lines?


Absolutely. Your entire fourth house, your moon and how it's associated, uh, and your cancer house will tell you all of your ancestral baggage.


If the wounds are there, um, then you'll see a connection between the moon and another planet.


Like for instance, Pluto rines my moon, um, because of my moon.


So it's like, it actually, well there's a disassociative detachment between my family and my mother, my mother and my family through communication, through mindset, through a bunch of things.


Um, and it's retrograde too.


So that's how you can have, by the way, you can, you can't have the sun or the moon in retrograde, but you can have solar and lunar themes retrograde because you can have the houses retrograde.


Forced aspects is another thing that you'll learn in my book as well, which is important to identify because just because two planets are in arine doesn't mean they want to be, Um, Heavy energy, energy clip that explanation.


So eloquently put, I don't like to teach too much publicly, so I just wanna keep it here.


Uh, Ashley and I are gonna be working after this book is done, we're going back into, um, mystic portal and we're changing our, or we're looking into changing our automation processes, which is why I haven't given everybody, I haven't fixed the automation for you guys to have access to Mystic Portal, but we're gonna be changing those automation processes and then make sure everybody has that.


'cause we're gonna be putting a lot of effort and energy into that so that it's not public.


Some things will be available publicly, but a lot of it's gonna be hidden behind a paywall.


If you are a Mystic Circle student, you will have access without having to pay for it for the general public.


They'll have to pay like 11 bucks or whatever it ends up being, um, to gain access to it.


11 or 22, we haven't decided yet.


Uh, semis sex style sorta with the moon.


Well, it can't be a sorta, it has to be there or not.


You can't say maybe, oh no, it's either there or it's not.


First house feeds into the second house.


Second house feeds into the third, so on, not the other way around first.


Well, zoia speaking, whatever comes first in the zodiac feeds into the second one.


It does not feed the other way around.


So it's not just first and the second, first and the third first and the fourth first and the fifth first and the sixth.


It's always from second into the, the third, but not second into the first.


The, the sixth house doesn't feed into the first, the first feeds into the sixth because it's under that 180 mark.


So it's always the first ones ally under 180 degrees that feeds in.


Once you've hit that opposition, you're flipping, by the way, that's called a handoff.


Uh, Pluto squares my moon, right?


So when you have Pluto squaring the moon, then it's Pluto has an orb of influence of a, of a degree and a half.


The moon has an orb of influence of three degrees.


If the, if the square that you have between Pluto and the moon, assuming Pluto's first it would be Pluto Square the moon.


If it is beyond 1.5, but under three, then that's a forced aspect because Pluto doesn't actually wanna be a part of that square.


The moon is pulling it in, even though enforcing the enforcing Pluto to aspect the moon fun thing to break down.


If they're both under a degree and a half, if the aspect is less than a degree and a half, then it's a true aspect.


It's mutual. What about magic mushrooms?


Micro macro dosing according to free theory, plant medicine.


Well, plant medicine is Neptune, medicine is Neptune, it is everything that is, um, that will square off with Gemini.


Anything that alters the brain, the brain mechanics is going to be, um, and, and counters health, right?


So Pisces, I didn't put it on that slide, but Pisces rules that.


So whether it's magic mushrooms, whether it is, uh, viruses or vaccines, whether it is, it is also the illness.


So that's why a lot of illnesses, that's why they use illnesses for vaccines is because you're actually taking the thing that hurts and the thing that would fix it, and you're blending them together to create what they're trying to create.


It's also why you have to, but you have to watch out for what is poisonous, you know, within Scorpio's energy that that comes into the mix.


Um, and its opposition to Taurus.


So it's like, is it valuable? Well, is it poisonous?


Is it opposing that Scorpio or is it, is Scorpio's energy coming in in a toxic way?


Poor Pluto being forced into aspect with that mean moon of mind.


Nice. Thank you so much for joining this webinar, uh, going through the zodiac energies and, um, kind of a, not an introduction, but like the first major, uh, explanation of free theory until you read Iix Astrology.


Thank you so much for being here and as always, vibe higher.